I understand what medicare is and everything but I'm not sure what Obamacare changed.Okay, explained like you're a five year-old (well, okay, maybe a bit older), without too much oversimplification, and (hopefully) without sounding too biased: What people call "Obamacare" is actually the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (abbreviated to PPACA or ACA). However, people were calling it "Obamacare" before everyone even hammered out what it would be. It's a term that was, at first, mostly used by people who didn't like the PPACA, and it's become popularized in part because PPACA is a really long and awkward name, even when you turn it into an acronym like that. Barack Obama has since said that he actually likes the term "Obamacare" because, he says, "I do care". Anyway, the PPACA made a bunch of new rules regarding health care, with the purpose of making health care more affordable for everyone. Opponents of the PPACA, on the other hand, feel that the rules it makes take away too many freedoms and force people (both individuals and businesses) to do things they shouldn't have to. So what does it do? Well, here is everything, in the order of when it goes into effect (because some of it happens later than other parts of it): (Note: Page numbers listed in citations are the page numbers within the PDF, not the page numbers of the document itself)
Below is a hand-picked collection of outstanding explanations from this subreddit. Each linked answer is not only informative and correct, but written in terms that an elementary school student would legitimately understand. If you find an equally exceptional explanation not on this list, make a base-level comment on this thread and it will be considered for addition. Read and enjoy! Economics Debt in a Money-Based Economy by Hapax_Legoman Expansionary Monetary Policy by GOD_Over_Djinn Libertarianism by AmazingSyco Stocks and the Stock Market by CarlH Trust Funds by The_Cleric History JFK Assassination by Didji World War I by Axon350 Literature and the Arts The Catcher in the Rye by TrouserDemon Baroque vs. Classical vs. Romantic Music by HellOnTheReddit Mathematics and Logic Anything to the Zero is One by LordAurora Bases by Didji Chaos Theory by Captain_Kittenface Crash Course in Logic by gmanp Manifolds and the Poincaré Conjecture by flabbergasted1 Negative Times Negative Equals Positive by lampochka_returns Occam's Razor by OtherSideReflections P versus NP by flabbergasted1 Riemann Hypothesis by flabbergasted1 Philosophy & Religion Existentialism and Nihilism by Semiel Islam by meowtiger Nietzsche by plaidpant The Qur'an by dottxt Recent Events London Riots (August 2011) by chetney Phone Hacking Scandal (August 2011) by Didji The US Drops from AAA to AA+ (August 2011) by uriman What If Greece Defaults (October 2011) by duckymf SOPA (November 2011) by flabbergasted1 Reddit The Front Page by flabbergasted1 Vote Fuzzing by kissmyapp Science Domesticating Animals by josh6499 Fire by Balestar The Nervous System by Scriptorius Space-Time by 4x4prints The Speed of Light by Avedomni Plasma by wiz3n Technology Buffer Overflow by UnitedStatesSenate Cell Phones by The_Cleric Electronic Ink by GSnow Hashing by AndreasTPC HTTP by The_Cleric Internet by EdgeOfDreams ISPs by Didji .JPEG vs. .PNG by asokoloski LCD vs. LED vs. Plasma by unndunn Linux vs. Windows vs. OS X by TickTak Net Neutrality by Didji Programming Languages by chipbuddy U.S. Politics The Debt Ceiling by The_Cleric Liberalism vs. Conservatism by Didji "Obamacare" by Didji World Politics Africa by bkoatz Fascism by blackstar9000 The Israel-Palestine Conflict: Part 1, Part 2 by nathanite North Korea by elloelloello Wikileaks by Devistator Credit to adrianix for coming up with the title.DON'T PANICThis should be written in large friendly letters in the backgroundGo to r/explainlikeimfive and check out the title of the tab. :)And bring a towel.Mostly harmless.
I know this kind of breaks the rules, but I think a good explanation would be whats Reddit is all about. I have always had real trouble explaining this to my older relatives and computer illiterate friends. Edit: thanks to everyone for all of your answers.Email is like a written letter that arrives in seconds instead of days. Google is a company that runs many websites, the biggest of which is a search engine. A search engine is a phone book for other websites. AOL is an internet service provider, they are like a phone company but give you access to other people on the internet instead of other people with telephones. A website is a destination on the internet, someplace to go to get information or complete a transaction much like a physical location on a street. IE / Chrome / Firefox are your methods of transportation to get to where you need to go. They are akin to a vehicle, but thankfully do not need any gas. The internet is like a city. It is a collection of places and people with a road that connects all these various places to each other and allow you to travel from one place to another to get what you need.Dude, you have to type LOUDER!
Questions here are supposed to be covering complex topics that are difficult to understand, where simplifying the answer for a layperson is necessary. So why are we flooding the sub with simple knowledge questions? This sub is for explaining the Higgs Boson or the effect of black holes on the passage of time, not telling why we say "shotgun" when we want the passenger seat in a car. EDIT: Alright, I thought my example would have been sufficient, but it's clear that I need to explain a little. My problem is that questions are being asked where there is no difference between an expert answer and a layman answer. In keeping with the shotgun example, that holds true-- People call the front passenger seat by saying 'shotgun' because, in the ages of horses and carts, the person sitting next to the one driving the horses was the one armed to protect the wagon. There is no way for that explanation to be any more simple or complex than it already is. Thus, it has no reason to be in a sub built around a certain kind of answer in contrast to another.Yep. Somehow I feel that if I try asking for someone to ELI5 what an Ergative Absolute language is (honestly, someone mind helping me?), I'll just get downvoted in favor of something like "ELI5 why I am required to wear a seatbelt by law even though it affects no one but me?" You know, a question that we mods have to give the benefit of the doubt to, but we know is just a thinly-vielled soapbox question. Or something really trivially easy that people can just google, or something trivially...dumb, I guess? A lot of completely opinion-based ones that essentially boil down to "Why do people like X?" or "Why DON'T people like X?" or "Why do people find X so Y?" Or "Why is not acceptable/not acceptable to X?" And so on. It's kinda turning away from being a place where you can see really simple explanations for complex topics that you could never quite grasp, and towards more...generic bullshit. It's difficult for us mods to do anything about it. To strike a good balance. There is also an amount of disagreeing within the mods themselves. Personally, I think a good solution would be to require people to specify what exactly they found confusing. This would drive home the point that this is supposed to be a place for things you could never quite wrap your head around, or for things where you can't separate the important stuff from the unimportant fluff.
http://i.imgur.com/ZApmv.png I enjoy a good laugh, don't mean to be a grinch! It's just a bit inconvenient when one is trying to find the answer to said question and has to trudge through a thread about sexually-efficient Germans (for example).I would love it if this subreddit was more heavily moderated. All those joke replies, the "lol now -pffft- lil timmy you're a bit - pffffffft - young to be asking that! HAHAHA" are very frustrating and just clutter the real answers. I don't care that they're up voted, they are useless and should be removed.It's Explain Like I'm Five, not I'm Five Years Old, Explain This To MeThe mods have chosen to take a hands off policy when it comes to moderation despite repeated pleas and continual meta threads discussing the moronic nature of too many ELI5 threads. It's really frustrating. I like reddit because I learn things here, not because of puns. I understand that it can be awkward moderating heavily because you don't want to come across like overzealous moderators or think it's more fair to just let it all happen democratically or whatever, but you're moderators - don't be afraid to moderate. Otherwise the subreddit'll get worse and further away from the original purpose as more and more people come.
Like seriously, I've been watching this movie on and on... and still don't get that part! What is it about Choice and the Matrix? What did the Oracle figure about humanity that made them believe in the Matrix as their reality? I'd be so thankful to anyone who can put this Philosophy in simple English. Edit: Thank you everyone! So far there have been 5 attempts to answer the question, What i thought would be a casual discussion of movie fanatics has become a great intro to Philosophy! Wow i reading all the threads and i'd highly recommend everybody interested in the movie to do so. It bought me a whole new perspective to the movie. Questions Unanswered so far or raised in the discussion: Neo's real world super powers, stopping the sentinels and vision without eyes. Agent Smith's rejection of matrix and connection with Neo. The Oracles true personality. Why were the machines using humans instead of geothermal (Magma) energy while Zion found itself comfortable to do so?Before the current version of the Matrix, the machines created other versions. The first was a "Perfect World Scenario" where everybody was happy and life was good. Human psyche could not handle this overload of perfection and rejected the program. People couldn't believe it was real. The second Matrix was a "Nightmare Scenario", wars raged so as to appease the sadistic nature of humanity. This was also a failure because people couldn't accept it. The solution was found by The Oracle. She concluded, that if people were given a choice to accept or reject the Matrix (even if they weren't aware they were being given that choice), they would overwhelmingly accept the program anyway. Of course that this acceptance was not universal. A small number of people would still reject the Matrix. If left unchecked in the system, these people behaved like a virus, making other people aware that they lived in a fake world, destabilizing the whole system. They had to be removed. That's why The Architect allowed Zion to survive, to preserve the Matrix and to remove the people that were aware that they were inside a program. But this in turn created the problem of controlling Zion. If left unchecked, the city would eventually grow too powerful. For that purpose, the Architect and The Oracle created the concept of The One. Every time Zion grew too big (around 250.000 people I think), The One would be born. The One carried an important part of code from the Matrix (the Prime Program) that gave him a greater form of control over the Matrix (aka Neo's Powers).
Edit: thank you all for helping me. I find the prospect of being an adult somewhat terrifying and I don't understand most anything to do with taxes or investmentsA tax-deferred investment account. Money you put in your 401k gets taken from your gross paycheck before taxes are taken out, then the money in that account gets invested in various portfolios (typically chosen by you), and you can't take it out until you retire. If you take it out before then, you have to pay taxes on the money, as well as early withdrawal fees. If your company does 401k matching, it is definitely worth it. For example, if your company has "full match up to 5%." that means that for every dollar you put into your 401k, the company will put in a dollar as well, up to 5% of your gross pay. It's basically free money from your company for investing money for your retirement.You have to pay taxes on 401k distributions, regardless of when you take them. However, if you withdraw money early, you pay an additional 10% penalty on those withdrawals. Even if you don't get a good 401k matching from your company, do it. It is one of the easiest ways to invest, as it is taken out of your paycheck before you have an opportunity to spend it. Since the money is taken out "pre-tax" you report less taxable income, and pay less taxes. As you can, when/if you get raises, use at least part of the raise to increase your 401k contribution. Even if social security is around when you retire, it will probably not be enough to live on. Your 401k will be a vital part of your retirement.
edit: I'm not sure which 2 states allow the sales, I saw an article in the Washington Post today about how Tesla has a showroom in the DC Area but can't actually sell the cars.A long time ago, a man named Hank in Michigan started to build cars. People liked his cars, but Hank was in Michigan and didn't know many people in New Jersey or own a space to sell to individuals in New Jersey. So, he found one guy in New Jersey named Dan who he could sell to because Dan did know a lot of people and Dan owned a big lot to show cars on. Dan bought a lot of cars with his own money in bulk for his dealership, which he then sold to the public one at a time for profit. This was good for Hank because he didn't have to find individual customers in New Jersey to sell his cars to, and it was good for Dan because he already knew the individual customers and could sell Hank's cars for a profit. Eventually though, Hank saw Dan making a profit, and got greedy. Hank figured that now that Dan had already hooked people on his cars in New Jersey, he could just sell directly to the public in Dan's town to cut Dan out and make more money for himself. This was big trouble for Dan because not only would he be out of a job in the future, but he also wouldn't be able to sell the cars he had already bought from Hank if Hank started selling them cheaper. Oh No! BUT Dan's lived in New Jersey a long time, and he went to see his friends Dave and Dean who were Hank's dealers in other New Jersey towns. Dan told Dave and Dean that Hank wanted to sell directly to customers in his town, and that Hank would probably do it in their towns too.
[deleted]Real Simplified Version: PRISM is a tool used by the NSA that allows analysts to view data ("foreign intelligence") collected by legal methods. Edit 5: I apologize that this edit precedes the rest of the post, but much of the information from the original post has proven itself to be "outdated" (read: inaccurate) insofar as it incorrectly attributed power to PRISM, when it is at most a part of the whole. To be strictly correct, PRISM ("Planning Tool for Resource Integration, Synchronization, and Management") itself is simply the name of a tool used to access data gathered by the NSA by presumably legal means (in accordance with FISA / Protect America Act). I have now edited the post for accuracy. Be aware that as more information has come out, much of the related speculation has been disproved, at least so far as PRISM itself is concerned, and the articles upon which this post was originally based are themselves no longer the latest information on the subject. Ok, for now I've finished editing. I've removed all the inaccurate information I could find, and replaced most of the original post with the most accurate information I could find, to the best of my knowledge. Please bring any inaccuracies you find to my attention.
I know there's no jobs in Detroit and nobody wants to live there, but surely there has to be some value to having a house there right? Even for the slight chance that property houses might rise in the next 100 years? Houses like this one: http://www.zillow.com/homedetails/4700-Saint-Clair-St-Detroit-MI-48214/88410305_zpid/Three reasons, all of which intermix. The first reason is that the houses are awful. Old, full of asbestos, dilapidated, crumbling - it would cost a lot of money to make Detroit's abandoned buildings useful. This ties in perfectly with the second reason: liability. These houses are so awful, that if a homeless junkie hurt himself in it, you would be liable. None of these houses are up to code - and ownership means you are now responsible for the condition of the building. Lastly, high taxes. Detroit is a big city - and its services are paid for by property taxes. But, because more and more people are fleeing the city - there is a smaller tax base. This means that each homeowner has to pay more in taxes to make up for the vacancies. To be fair, it does balance out somewhat - the houses are so worthless that the property taxes end up being reasonable. edit: sweet fingerfuck, my inbox blew up!So why is the bank (or person) who currently owns the house not required to do that now, but the minute it sells the new owner is? You're saying that an owner will have to bring it up to code, but obviously somebody owns it now. How can you own and then sell a house thats not up to code? This doesnt make sense to me.
Plus with Netflix I can watch whatever I want instead of what someone else put on. I don't get how the economics work? Is cable a giant rip off, or is Netflix spending investors money which will eventually run out? Edit: I didn't realize that the shows on Netflix aren't new. I'm just thrilled they have Star Trek and the PowerPuff Girls which is all I would watch if I had cable. Also, for those who are saying "Don't forget to factor in the cost of internet", my response is that I had broadband internet a long time before Netflix even existed - a long time before you could even watch TV on a computer in any practical way. So, saying I should factor in something I have anyway is, to me, like saying I should factor in the cost of electricity.Netflix may well get more expensive, as they signed their first round of content contracts early on, when no one expected Netflix to boom. Those contracts were comparatively cheap. (Here's a graph of how their content costs are rising fast.) They are somewhat protected now by their large number of subscribers. Cable operators, on the other hand, have to buy content by the channel, and channels are bundled together by contract and contractually placed in their tiers. For example, you probably pay $4/mo for ESPN. In this case, the channel model is established, and content providers do not want to move to a la carte bundling (where you pay for only the channels you want). Cable also covers current events that Netflix can't (you can't get news coverage, live sports, etc.), though these outlets are finding competition (to varying degrees) by the internet. Finally, Netflix gets to offer the cool shows after cable and the content providers have already funded their creation. Netflix can't exist in its current format without cable (hence why they are funding their own shows). Netflix is still somewhat priced as a value add-on for content creators, though new content contracts show that future pricing will be based as part of the total value expectation for content (so movie income will be based on its ability to draw viewers at theatres, buyers of DVDs, eyeballs on cable, as well as downloads on Netflix.
Why do companies that have seemingly maxed out on brand recognition still spend so much money on advertising? There is not a person watching TV who doesn't know about Pepsi/Coke. So it occurs to me that they cannot increase the awareness of their product or bring new customers to the product. Without creating new customers, isn't advertisement a waste of money? I understand that they need to advertise new products, but oftentimes, it's not a new product featured in a TV commercial. The big soda companies are the best example I can think of. Edit: Answered. Thanks everyone! Edit 2: Thanks again to everybody for the discussions! I learned alot more than I expected. If we weren't all strangers on the internet, I'd buy everyone a Pepsi.I discovered some years ago that the point of most advertising at a certain marque level was not to acquire new customers, but to retain them or even stop "buyer's regret". For example, BMW pretty much never expect somebody to see one of their adverts and think "Oh, that car looks good, I'll buy one of those!", because who the hell makes a purchasing decision of that size based on advertising? Most of their advertising is actually focused on people who recently bought one of their cars and is sat there thinking how much of a Ford or GM they could have got for 40% less. It prevents buyer's regret, and pushes them from just a buyer into a brand-loyal fan. It also enhances brand value in general, which is critical when establishing how much your brand is worth financially. Brand value is where Coca-Cola come in. Frequently in the UK people will say "it feels like Christmas now", once the "Christmas is coming" Coke ad with santa on lorries going through town is aired. Think about how powerful that is: people associate the celebration of the Messiah's birth, or perhaps the most intense emotional experience of the year that you can point to on a calendar, with a can of sugar water. When you hear "Coke", you immediately think of the colours of the can, the taste of the drink, and have an emotional response which is probably very happy, positive and affirming. That's what a lifetime of Coca-Cola telling you what they stand for has done to you.
I mean, imagine you were describing the US to someone who were only vaguely aware of what it was. You would start by talking about New York and California, maybe say a few things about Chicago and Florida and New Orleans and the deep south, but you wouldn't mention South Dakota. That's what I'm looking for here, just a few succinct sentences about the more important countries/cities/areas. Like, I know Nigeria is the biggest in terms of population and is considered an important up-and-coming economy due in part to oil revenues, but mired in conflict by the North/South religious divide, scandal and corruption, all of which threatens to tear the country apart. And please don't say "all the countries are important," because like States, that's not true. That's not to say they don't have value, but I mean more in terms of continental (or global) social/political/economic issues. Edit: Thanks for the answers, very informative.Nigeria (English Speaking) - The most populated African country at 160+ million. The country has an extraordinary amount of oil wealth, but it is also one of the most corrupt countries on earth so most of it has been squandered. It is a giant on the continent. Nigerians are found in large numbers throughout the continent, and are sometimes seen as a bit of a menace/drain in the countries they inhabit. South Africa (English Speaking) - The economic giant of the continent, it has a much higher standard of living than most of the rest of the continent, however there are still huge swathes of population living in abject poverty. Johannesburg alone accounts for 10% of the entire economy of the entire continent. Gold and mineral wealth abounds, diamonds and a healthy manufacturing sector contribute to it's wealth. It is also notable for the fairly large (~12%) white population. Unfortunately it is run by a horribly inept and entrenched government, also corrupt. Ethiopia (Amharic Speaking)- Is another giant in terms of population, but is incredibly poor, with a very undeveloped agricultural economy. However, it seems to exert a lot of influence across the continent, (heading up the African Union for example). Ethiopia has one of the most distinct cultures on the continent, with the only written dialect originating on the African continent. It was also the only Sub-Saharan African country to not be fully colonized by a European power.
This question is asked out of respect and me trying to gain knowledge on the happenings of his life and death. The news and most sites don't seem to have a full grasp, to me, in what happened, if they're talking about it at all. Thank you in advanceI'll actually try to explain this like you're five, because that doesn't ever seem to happen on here anymore. Aaron Swartz was a man who was a part of a whoooole lot of really cool things. He helped to make a thing called "RSS" which helps people learn all the stuff they want to without going to all the different websites that that takes. It's like if you want to make a sandwich, but normally you'd have to go to a bread store, a meat store, a cheese store, and a vegetable store. RSS makes it so you can get that all at once (and enjoy your sandwich much more easily). Aaron also was part of a group of guys who helped give out information from "PACER", which is a big system full of information about what happened at courts. But, even though all of this information should have been free, they charged people for it. Imagine if each time you asked your teacher a question you had to pay a quarter. Even though that's their job, and it should be free, they made you pay. Well that sure did make some law-people mad. They started to investigate Aaron, but eventually stopped when they realized Aaron was right. Aaron did some more stuff, too. You know this website you're on? Aaron was a big part of it at the very beginning. A lot of people call him one of the founders, but that's not entirely true. What true is that Aaron helped to shape and mold and make this website what it is today. It's like when mommy buys you Play-Doh. She actually started it, but you're the one that made the amazing sculpture out of it (with help from your friends, of course).
A webpage is made up of a lot of different files. The more complicated the page, the more files there are. This also depends upon the way that the page is designed and coded. As such, a page typically will not render (display the final page) until ALL files have been received. Imagine loading a page from the Wall Street Journal that has an imbedded video. The text and style commands (CSS) will go through almost instantly even on a slow connection. However the video may take several seconds. Depending on how the page is coded, it may wait for the video to load (this has nothing to do with buffering and actually playing the video) before rendering the page. When you close it, the browser stops waiting for whatever file still needs to load and just renders what it already has. The biggest offenders of this are typically flash animations (adverts or videos) and large image files. Adverts can be the cause for this, which is why some people will say that they experience faster connections when using ad-blocking software.
What are the differences and why does it seem like there are combinations like "scotch whiskey" as opposed to just plain "whiskey"? Edit: To the "a 5 year old shouldn't be drinking" comments, It's explain LIKE i'm five, not what should I teach a 5 year old. It was just r/mildlyinteresting the first time and now it's just r/mildlyinfuriating.Let's start with the master category - Whiskey/Whisky: A distilled alcoholic drink made from fermented grain, usually aged in wooden barrels or casks. Within the category of whiskey, there's various types which mostly is separated by the ingredients: • Malt whiskey - made from malted barley (same thing as beer uses) • Grain whiskey - made from other grains (corn, rye, wheat, and others) • Single malt - whiskey made from in a single distillery. Typically it's one malted grain (barley is most common, followed by rye - but it's not a legal requirement) • Blended malt - whiskey made from mixed single malt whiskeys • Blended whiskey - made from mixed single malt and grain whiskeys Then from there, there's regional/cultural/national types of whiskey, which is where you get your bourbon, scotch, etc. Each has various requirements to be labeled by name, and each country has different requirements, but these are the generalities: • Bourbon - An American whiskey, made from at least 51% corn.
There are many reasons. The physical antennas in use. Voyager has a really large dish pointed pretty precisely at Earth. There is a much much larger dish on Earth pointed at Voyager. It is part of the DSN, or Deep Space Network. These dishes act to focus the broadcast signal and to gather more of the received signal. Data rate: The data rate coming from Voyager is very low-rate. This helps because a single piece of information (a symbol, in RF speak) lasts longer, so the receiver has a longer time to collect the signal and to become certain what the value of that symbol is, and No obstructions. The walls of your house, the water contained within your house and within your body, the material in between the phone and the tower all absorb some amount of the energy, weakening the signal. Conversely, the frequency chosen for the communications of Voyager and other satellites was chosen so that the atmosphere wouldn't absorb much of the energy, and there's basically nothing in the way. Delay: Most of the delay that you experience is due to processing happening at the various nodes of the network. As for Voyager, the majority of the delay is the time it takes light to travel from the edge of the solar system back to the vicinity of the sun, where Earth hangs out.
I've never been taught much at all about evolution, I've only heard really biased views so I don't really understand it. I think my stance would change if I properly understood it. Thanks for your help :)The theory of evolution is the scientific theory that explains why there is so much variety and complexity in the natural world. Be warned that it doesn't explain what initially started life in the first place - all it explains is the variety of life we have. Also: it is not in any sense a moral philosophy. It is our understanding of our observations of the natural world. Evolution does not equal eugenics or anything like that. It's just a statement of the facts we see in the world. What we choose to do in light of understanding these facts does not come into it — in fact, understanding evolution can improve human wellbeing, as we can understand diseases much better. Another thing: the word ‘theory’. In normal everyday language, we usually use theory to mean ‘guess’ or ‘hypothesis’. In scientific terms, the theory is an explanation of the observable facts. A body of knowledge, if you will. For instance, ‘music theory’ is the body of knowledge surrounding musical composition. ‘Germ theory’ is the body of knowledge that explains illness and disease. ‘Cell theory’ is the theory that explains that all life is made of cells. ‘The theory of gravity’ is the study of gravity, and the explanations for the facts (or even laws) of gravity that we see in nature. The theory of evolution is no different. Evolution is a scientific, observable, fact, just like cells, germs, and gravity. The ‘theory of evolution’ is the study and explanation of these facts. If you've ever heard a creationist say ‘evolution is still only a theory’ or ‘evolution is not yet a law’ or ‘they're still trying to prove the theory of evolution’, then they are simply wrong, and misunderstanding the scientific meaning of the word theory. Theories don't become laws — theories laws. A law is just a simple mathematical observation that always seems to be true e.g. in electronics, ohm's law is that electrical current is equal to the voltage divided by resistance. Ohm's law is a part of the ‘theory of electronics’ if you like, although that term isn't really used.
Evolutionarily, it's to increase chances of having a baby. If a man continues to engage in intercourse after ejaculating, he risks inadvertently pushing the semen out of the way, making pregnancy more difficult. For a woman, if she orgasms first, she needs to stay interested until the man is done in order for there to be a chance of pregnancy. Because of these evolutionary needs, men have long "refractory periods" (lack of sexual desire after orgasm), whereas women either don't have them or have really short ones. The exact cause of the refractory periods in terms of body chemistry is still up for debate.This is true unless another female is introduced and then the refractory period is pretty much mitigated. This is called "The Coolidge Effect" after President Coolidge. The story goes something along the lines that President Coolidge and his wife were touring a farm and Mrs. Coolidge noticed that a single rooster was mating with hens several times a day and that President Coolidge should take note. President Coolidge retorted that the rooster was mating with several different females and that Mrs. Coolidge should take note. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coolidge_effect
I know that people can't get everything right all the time but isn't it probable that a lot of people advertising as psychics or fortune tellers are just scamming others? EDIT: ok so i guess to sum it all up, being a 'psychic' or a 'reader' isn't technically fraud in most place because the small print, informing people that it's only for entertainment purposes, covers their asses in a legal sense. Whether you think this is ethical or not, is entirely up to you but thanks to everyone who contributed :)They generally get around fraud law by using phrases such as 'for entertainment purposes only'. While they're clearly presenting the image that they can talk to dead people, or find missing persons, they cover themselves with legal technicalities.if they lacked the whole 'for entertainment purposes' would this mean that they're lying about their profession thus getting them into legal troubles?Wouldn't this also hinge on the fact that you can't technically prove that someone isn't speaking to the dead? I feel like this would all get into some really spiritual/religious gray area that would make this type of thing really difficult to litigate. Is that not the case?In Michael Shermer's book, "Why people believe weird things," there's a hilarious quote from an undercover cop who used to bust psychics who held themselves out as the real thing. She said, "I got told I was about to have success. I got told I was about to face trouble. Not once was I told I was an undercover officer, about to arrest the psychic."
It seems like the numbers just don't add up if every country owes every other country. Edit: What I'm trying to get at is that if Country A has, say, $-10, as well as Countries B and C because they are all in debt, then the world has $-30, which seems impossible, so who has the $30? Edit 2: Thanks for all the responses (and the front page)! Really clears things up for me. Trying to read through all the responses because apparently there is not nearly as concrete of an answer as I thought there would be. Also, if anyone isn't satisfied by the top answers, dig a little deeper. There are some quality explanations that have been buried. Edit 3: Here are the responses that I feel like answer this question best. It may be that none of these are right and it may be that all of them are (it seems like the answer to this question is a combination of things), but here are the top 3 answers (sorry if this oversimplifies things): Even though all of the governments are in debt, they are all in debt to each other, so the money works out. If they were all to somehow simultaneously pay each other back, the money would hypothetically even out, but this is both impossible and impractical. Money is actually created through inflation and interest, so there is more money on earth that there is value because interest creates money out of nowhere. For the most part, countries do not owe each other but their citizens and various banks. So the banks and people have the money and the government itself is in debt. Therefore, every country’s government can be in debt because they owe the banks, which are in surplus.here's a way for all of us to be in debt, but for the money to work out fine: I borrow $5 from you, then i go ahead and loan it to greg, he uses it to loan money to you when you tell him that you loaned me your last $5. we have a total "debt" of $15 between the 3 of us, and only $5 exists, but if you give your $5 back to greg, and it goes back around the circle, all the debt is paid with a single $5 bill. now make it countries, make it millions, and start charging interest ***edits: yes, millions in small cases, billions in large (not usually trillions at once) and the interest destablizes the equation some, but often times the interest can be payed for in different ways like: -bartered goods (North Korea recently cut a deal with cuba to upgrade their missiles in exchange for 200,000 bags of sugar quick source ) -Military favors "let me build a navy base on your coast and we can forgive some of the debt" -Political Favors "Help me convince neighbouring country in your region to do ______." Or alternatively "Vote this way in the UN on THIS topic, make a good speech"
I have tried, but I do not understand the game of cricket. I have watched it for hours, read the Wikipedia page, and tried to follow games through highlights. No luck. I don't get it. The score changes wildly, the players move at random, the crowd goes wild when nothing happens. What's going on?!?Here's a 6 minute video which explains the basics very well. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3Aea0BR26k&feature=related Imagine if baseball only had 1st base. When the batsman hits the ball and runs to the other end of the pitch (1st base) it's one run. If he's got time to carry on running before the ball comes back, he runs back(home base). That would be 2 runs. If he hits the ball all the way to the boundary(fence), it's four runs. If he hits the ball over the boundary without it touching the ground(home run) it's six runs. There's 11 players to a team but you need one player at each end (home plate and first base). So when the batsman hits the ball and is running to the other end, his teammate will be running in the other direction (1st base to home plate). So the bowler(pitcher) bowls the ball at the batsman(batter). The batsman is stood in front of the Wicket.(Those pieces of wood sticking out the ground behind him.) The batsman is out if, he misses the ball and it hits the wicket. (Bowled) he hits the ball and is caught. (Caught) he hit the ball and tries to run to the other end but the fielders get the ball back and hit The Wicket with it before the batsman has made it back. Run Out).
While life definitely doesn't HAVE to be water-dependent, water is so good at sustaining life that it's a likely candidate. Consider that water: Can help two major types of chemical reaction to occur. (For the science-lovers: It is amphoteric and protic and thus can act as a base or an acid to catalyze many types of reactions) It can hold of a lot of different things in it, such as salt and sugar, essential to life as we know it, as well as waste products of cells. (It is quite polar [i.e. has slightly positive and negatively charged regions] and thus can dissolve nearly any molecule with a polar group on it.) It is a liquid over a wide range of temperatures, and we would expect that you'd need life to start in a liquid because you need nutrients to be able to flow easily toward an organism and waste to be able to flow away. (A range of 100 degrees Celsius; ammonia is quite similar to water but a liquid only in a range of ~45 degrees Celisus.) It floats as a solid. (If temperatures DID dip below the freezing point, the solid phase would float and life would not be crushed or frozen inside) Water is very stable and hard to break apart. (Otherwise, it would rapidly disappear)
Here is a quote from Hellen Keller recalling what her thought processes were like before she was introduced to language. Sure, it's not exactly what you're looking for, but I think it provides some insight. The World I Live In by Hellen Keller, Page 37 Before my teacher came to me, I did not know that I am. I lived in a world that was a no-world. I cannot hope to describe adequately that unconscious, yet conscious time of nothingness. I did not know that I knew aught, or that I lived or acted or desired. I had neither will nor intellect. I was carried along to objects and acts by a certain blind natural impetus. I had a mind which caused me to feel anger, satisfaction, desire... When I wanted anything I liked,--ice-cream, for instance, of which I was very fond,--I had a delicious taste on my tongue (which, by the way, I never have now), and in my hand I felt the turning of the freezer. I made the sign, and my mother knew I wanted ice-cream. I "thought" and desired in my fingers. Thought without language, at least from what can be gleaned from Hellen Keller's own observations, is made up of basic desires, habits, and emotions (anger and satisfaction). Complex thoughts aren't really possible without a language to build ideas out of. So thoughts like you're having, even by just asking a question such as the one you posted are really only possible because you have a language that you can think with.
Galaxies are big and slow, Pluto is small and fast. The Triangulum galaxy is so far away that it's essentially at infinite distance for our purposes. You can point a telescope at it and let the exposure sit for months if you want a clear picture of it. The minor changes in angle as the Earth and telescope move are insignificant at that distance. Pluto is far, but not nearly that far. A telescope that's trying to look at Pluto must actively track Pluto's movement to keep it in focus. Throw in the fact that Pluto is rotating and you get a blurry streak if you try to take a long exposure image of it. edit: Also, the New Horizons probe will make a very close flyby of Pluto in 2015, which should provide us some excellent high-resolution images of Pluto and Charon. edit 2: Others are bringing up some additional excellent points that should go in the top comment: Rasori discusses the lighting issue with an object as faint as pluto Exscape discusses the angular size of pluto in relation to some other commonly imaged objects
Not into stocks or shares or anything. Just a workin' class dude. Woke up and saw a couple people posting their debts are paid off. What just happened and how behind the times am I?As someone who's taking an interest in the technology behind Bitcoin, I'll give you a short overview. The coins are "mined" by folks crunching numbers. You can mine your own bitcoins by having your computer (specifically, your graphics card) solve some equations. The integrity of the network is preserved by a running log of everything everyone ever did (meaning, from the first coins mined to the last coin spent - it's all written down in a journal). The network is secure because accounts are protected by private keys and the SHA256 algorithm used to protect the contents is (currently) more or less impenetrable. The transaction log is nearly impossible to fake out because if you try to do something you're not technically able to (as in, transfer coins from an account which doesn't hold enough), your transaction is flagged by a disagreeing node as invalid. The transaction is then passed around until a consensus is reached as it its validity; if less than 50% of the nodes think you should be able to make the transaction then it is voided. The algorithm is self-correcting for mining rates, meaning that the first guys to crunch a few numbers got coins every 10 minutes and now that thousands of people are mining with fast hardware, it's become more difficult so that the 10 minute average is maintained.
Where actors get named in the Billing is mostly a matter of convention, plus a bit of ego. Top Billing is for the actor playing the main character. Last billing, often highlighted by using "And" or "with" is used for a more prominent actor used in a minor role. Sometimes the last billing will also specify the role played: in the James Bond movies, the last billing is "and Judi Dench as 'M'" because she's a heavyweight actor but a bit part. In STAR WARS, Mark Hamill got top billing (though an unknown, he was the hero), followed by Harrison Ford, Carrie Fisher, Peter Cushing (Grand Moff Tarkin, fwiw), "and Alec Guinness". Alec Guinness got Last Billing, with an "And", because he was the most famous actor in the picture, but he only has like 20 minutes of screen time.Sometimes they use "And" billing for a new actor, even if they're the main star. Frankie Muniz got "And" billing in Malcolm in the Middle, despite being the titular character. It's also done as "Introducing..." though that's typically for films as it doesn't make sense to keep introducing an actor in a role they play for multiple years.
EDIT: Clearly from my post history you can tell I am not a gov't official attempting to get you to tell me incriminating information, I just want to know what all has been leaked to the public. The media is retarded and I hate reading the news.A followup question: I know what information was revealed by the leak, but I'm curious what was actually leaked. By which I mean what documents did he actually leak as proof and so on. I remember seeing a powerpoint that was leaked, but I'm curious if there are any other documents that are available on the web to read?I agree with you, that is the main reason I made this post.A powerpoint presentation from the NSA detailing how everything was collected, and admitting that the NSA was collecting the data. Everybody sort of already "suspected" that the NSA was capturing all of this data, but by leaking the presentation, there was a confirmation that this was the case. Snowden's crime was delivering proof and confirmation of something everybody already knew about.The Guardian has some documents up for you to read, you can find them .
"Shares": Usually refers to a stocks, or "equity" in a company. When you own company stock you are, in effect, a part owner of the company. For example, Apple has over 938 million shares owned by investors. If you were to buy a single share of Apple stock, you would own 1/938,000,000 of the company. Being a shareholder technically entitles you to your share of the company's future profits, though different companies handle this in different ways. Some pay dividends to shareholders from their profits on a regular basis and some just reinvest their profits in the company to promote growth and increase the stock price. Stocks appreciate or depreciate in value depending on the company's performance and how investors expect it to perform in the future. If Apple's profits are expected to rise their stock will likely appreciate in value because more investors will want to buy the stock, and if their profits are expected to drop, your share will likely depreciate in value because more investors will want to sell. In the event of a company's bankruptcy, shareholders are the last ones to get their money back after the company's creditors (bondholders, basically). Many times during a bankruptcy the shareholders get nothing. Bonds: Bonds are a debt instrument. If you own a bond, you own part of a company's or government's debt. Some bonds are coupon bonds, meaning the issuer needs to pay the bond holder a certain amount annually or semiannually, and some bonds only pay their face value upon maturity. Here's an example. Let's say Netflix needs to finance a major project that's going to cost them $50 million. Netflix might issue for $750 each 66,666 10-year bonds with a face value of $1000 to investors. Let's say the bond has a semiannual coupon of $50. If you buy one of those bonds, Netflix will have to pay you $50 twice a year for as long as you hold the bond, and then in 10 years when the bond reaches maturity you get the full $1000. In the event of a company bankruptcy, creditors (i.e. bondholders) get their money back before shareholders, although it might not be the full value of what they are owed.
It seems so obvious that there must be an underlying reason why they don't. EDIT: Thanks for everyone who chimed in. Unfortunately, like three of the top four most upvoted replies are jokes, so you kinda have to dig down to find an actual answer. I like Lucas_Steinwalker's. EDIT 2: Check out the responses from the RES team, honestbleep and solidwhetstoneHi. I'm way late to this party and will never be seen, but I'm the guy who wrote RES! There's a lot of half-good information in here... i'll try and clarify a few things... I want to make very clear that Reddit has never offered to hire me. One time, during a stint where they did want to do some hiring, they offered to let me skip their "test" process and go straight to an interview. This is not a job offer. I politely declined, as I was happily and stably employed, etc. I will say, however, that there is truth to the fact that I love Chicago too much to leave... All I ever wanted since I was a little kid was season tickets to the Blackhawks... I have them now, and I can't fathom letting them go just yet. 2) There's only some truth to the "it would be more server load" argument. A lot of things would require virtually no extra server load. For example, the "full comments" link is an absurdly simple thing that Reddit could add but doesn't. I'm not criticizing them for this, mind you -- they may not believe it's best for all users to have that link as it adds yet another link to every item on the page, etc... but it certainly wouldn't increase server load. The vast majority of RES's features requires little to no database related stuff, and would likely not increase server load in a measurable way.
I admit i'm not very aware of the general atrocities going on in the world, but suddenly India is all raping rape victims and killing reporters, and i'd like to understand it in a more profound way than what reading a couple of articles would result in. How the hell did it get here? Has it always been like this? WHY?Indian here. For the past decade or so, rape has been a constant fixture of the criminal landscape. Urban centres like Delhi, Mumbai and so on are just as affected as the rural areas. Our society has almost always dismissed these as the fault of the victim - blaming them for dressing provocatively, being out late at night, being in the company of young horny men and so on. A generally cunty cop-out, but one that society at large accepted for the many years that rapes went on unchecked. Surely it must be the fault of a lascivious young woman and not the WholesomeIndianMale™. In keeping with the general attitudes of civil society, cops act pretty shitty toward rape victims too. The reason rape is the #1 most under-reported crime in this country is because cops are assholes. They mock victims when compaints are being filed, insinuate that they are loose, easy women and frequently fail to follow up properly on rape cases (check out this particularly egregious situation - this is the norm for police conduct, not the exception). However, a few days ago, a girl got gang-raped, and had her insides all but scooped out with iron rods in New Delhi, our capital city. Unusually, she was accompanied by a male friend, at a fairly conservative hour, and was on a "sort of" public transport bus when it happened. This renders all previous cop-outs invalid - how could it be her fault?
When I first subscribed to this subreddit, it was awesome. I saw complex theories and practices written with wit and intelligence in a simple and concise manner. If you look at the front page now, there are really not too many posts that require the lens of a 5 year old. Rather, they are simple questions that require simple answers. They are not logically complex questions, that would require a simplified solution for the layman. Some examples: Hello i'm from Argentina, can someone explain why a black guy eating a watermelon is racist? ELI5: How Apple can publicly claim iPhone 5 is the thinnest smartphone in the world? ELI5: Why can places like Newegg ship UPS for free when it costs regular people so much money? ELI5: The Obama Birther Issue Explain like I'm 5 why the states with the highest average income, health metrics, and education levels are also the most liberal and nobody ever talks about it. Do these type of questions benefit from being described to a 5 year old? These are questions with pretty straightforward answers, and while they may not be suitable for a child, I think it's a waste of real estate in this subreddit when these questions would be much better directed in appropriate r/ask subreddits. I would think we should be seeing more posts like "Why do we stretch and why does it feel good when we do?" The actual answer probably requires some biology and science knowledge of anatomy, and benefits from having it's explanation suited for 5 year old. Also - if you check the number of "Answered" in this subreddit, it's not a high percentage. I think this because the questions are not worthy of a ELI5 explanation. I think we need to have more "big issue" posts, topic posts. EG - ELI5 - The Housing Bubble... or ELI5 Computer Languages Check this out: http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/j86h2/the_fiveyearolds_guide_to_the_galaxy/ This subreddit should be an ever-expanding version of this, right? Instead, we are bloated with a ton of posts that don't require ELI5, and it's ruining the creativity and unique edge this subreddit used to have. Can we band together and downvote questions that don't really require ELI5 and upvote ones that would make for an engaging answer? I hope so. Don't mean to come off negatively, I just want to see this subreddit return to domincance as an intriguing and enlightening subreddit. Not one filled with questions that probably belong in r/politics or r/technology or most appropriately r/askreddit. But maybe I'm wrong. I don't know. Thanks.This requires moderation, not community effort. In this and every other subreddit that gets popular and doesn't stay actively moderated to its original purpose, you see the same decay and the same periodical, popular, meta posts like this. It's a wonderful idea, but the reality is that sufficiently large communities cannot properly moderate themselves. This is an idea that has been discussed and dissected to death in r/theoryofreddit . Mods, please pay attention to OP's post. History shows us the community will not sort this out on its own.This same problem came up over at r/askhistorians, and though it's still a little muddy, the mods and the community have done a lot to keep questions like "What started WWII?" down. It's a combination and a team effort to ensure quality when a sub gets too large. Look at askreddit; go to the new section, and anything inane gets downvoted to oblivion. Sure, the top post on the front page of askreddit is a boring topic that gets to the top about once a week, but you can't win em all.
Thank you c:Educational psychologist here. Current psychological research has shown that the human thinking process is actually made up of at least three major parts: 1) The "sensory memory," 2) The "short term" (aka "working memory,") and 3) The "long term memory." The sensory memory subconsciously takes in all sensory input, such as what you touch, taste, smell, see, hear, etc, and decides what's important and what isn't important. Then it passes the information that it decides is important (like the fact that you see a plate of food on the table) on to the short term memory. Once that information hits the short term memory, that's when you become consciously aware of that info and realize "hey! there's a plate of food on that table!" Later, if the information was important enough, the knowledge that "there used to be a plate of food on that table" might be stored in the long term memory so that you can pull it back and think about it again if you ever need to. In a lot of ways, the short term memory is like a computer's processor, and the long term memory is like a computer's hard drive. So... what does that all have to do with why we are able to speak in our minds? Well, it turns out that the short term memory has some subcomponents that let us do some pretty cool stuff. One of those subcomponents is called our "phonological loop." It's the circuitry of brain cells connected to the short term memory that lets us "hear things" in our mind. It's the part of our brain's wiring that we're using when we have a song stuck in our head, or talk to ourselves in our head, or even remember what a person said to us once. We have other subcomponents that are similar, but for other senses, as well. One of these is called the "visuospatial sketchpad," and it's what allows you to see images in your short term memory, such as remembering what your favorite shirt looks like, or what your first car looked like, etc.
It seems like bribery. I'm sure it's not (or else it would be illegal). What am I missing here?It sounds like you're asking about lobbyists who donate money to politicians campaigns. Lobbying itself is not bribery, it's just speaking to people who have power and trying to influence them. Political contributions by lobbyists are not bribery for a couple of reasons: The money is not a quid pro quo. You don't hand a check to politician and then tell them how to vote, and politicians do not always vote depending on who gave them money. Now yes, a politician is probably going to be influenced by big donors, but not always. If they don't side with you, then you can decide not to donate again. But you can't ask for your money back, or threaten them because you paid them and they didn't do what you wanted. Thus the only incentive to side with you (aside from your incredibly persuasive intellectual arguments) is that you MAY donate to their campaign again. Oppositely, once you've made a contribution, they have your money and can do what they please. You can't get it back. The money is tracked. Campaigns are required to disclose who gave them money. Lobbyists are required to disclose who they gave money to, and they are required to disclose who pays them to lobby. The money is limited (at least for direct contributions to a campaign). There is a limit to how much each individual and business can give to a single campaign. PACs and other organizations are another story for another time.
Hemp: 30,000 tons grown in 2004 worldwide, most of it China - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hemp#Producers Cotton: 25,000,000 tons grown each year - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cotton#Leading_producer_countries EDIT: Alright, people, thanks! Most upvoted is HULK-SMAAASH comment, so I guess that's the answer. I personally liked JorusC and PossiblyLying 's replies just as much. Also skinnyhulk with hands-on experience. Also (late edit) KhabaLox with an authentic ELI5-type answer.Having grown hemp over 'ere in the UK I have this to say. Good points: It is a very fast growing bulk crop It does not require much fertiliser it typically only requires a small amount of potash per Ha. Prevents soil erosion. We got about 14tonnes to the acre last year. It grows in many soils. Bad points Harvesting. there are several ways to harvest Dessication, traditional or forage. This may sound good but dessication requires copious amounts of glyphosate and requires a bloody tall sprayer. our crop was about 9ft high. Traditional combine harvesting requires constant cleaning of the headers whrn harvesting hemp as the natural fibres wrap around everything. It is also hard to harvest at the right moisture content as across the crop the moisture content varies so much. Forage is really the only way to harvest however 9ft high crops tend to be hard to mow. Then a forage harvester picks it up and either bales it or blows it into a trailer. This makes it more expensive to harvest. The price of hemp at sale is very low. Roughly -90% less than wheat.
Source: http://www.theverge.com/2013/4/13/4220954/google-yahoo-microsoft-technet-cispa-support/in/2786603 edit: Thanks for the response everyone! Guess its true they'd rather protect themselves than you, tough to blame them for thatthere is a provision in CISPA that gives companies immunity to civil liability if they hand over private data related to a law enforcement investigation. this immunity is worth alot of money to the companies. they'd rather have legal immunity than take a stand on protecting your privacy.Wait, so do they just give the information away or does the government or investigating force have to ask for that information?This in itself doesn't seem bad in the sense that a liability could interfere with a trial using these, previously, questionable means. CISPA in itself, in my opinion is not evil. It is the overreaching nature in which we perceive, mostly correctly, that the government will overstep it's bounds and companies will be powerless to respond.Let's see what happens when people start getting jail sentences because a corporation gave away their information and it gets out onto social media. No consideration for backlash?
It used to be just a minor annoyance but now it's getting to the point where about 75% of all ELI5 posts reaching the front page are better suited to be on /r/askreddit or r/answers, or sometimes even /r/askscience. Seeing how /r/explainlikeimfive has recently reached 100k readers, I think it's time to address this issue. It seems like people are taking advantage of ELI5 more laid-back attitude and small-yet-noticeable subscription count to post questions that would never see the light of day on other subreddit. This subreddit's purpose is to be, as the sidebar states: A friendly place to ask questions and get elementary school-level answers, without fear of judgement. Take note of what kind of posts used to reach ELI5's front page during its early days: Why is x0 = 1? How do Trust Funds actually work? How does HTTP work? What is fire and how does it work? Notice how each of these posts is a complex subject or question, and how many of the comment literally make the answer simple enough for a five year old to understand. Now let's take a look at what has reached the ELI5 front page over the last week: Why doesn't Reddit simply hire the guy who makes Reddit Enhancement Suite (RES) and make those features part of Reddit? How is downloading movies/books online any different than going to your local library to check out movies/books for free? Why some of my friends think Che Guevera is a hero, and others say he is a bad dude? Why do British people sound American when they sing? None of these posts is complex nor addresses anything that requires explaining. Much of the posts are suggestive or simply provocative, and ALL of them would fit better in other subreddits. The answers to these posts are never fit for 5 year olds, and are no different from /r/Askreddit answers. The subreddit has lost its way. I understand that the admins here want to make the community in charge of what reaches the front page and what gets filtered out, but sometimes forced, strict moderating is what you have to do. No need to go all the way into the no-memes-or-any-kind-of-fun zone where /r/askscience lies, but letting stagnation, new redditors and circlejerkers take over isn't the answer either (See /r/atheism, /r/classicrage, r/gaming or what /r/circlejerk used to be a mere month ago). So please admins, if this post tries to say anything is that you should have stricter rules about which submissions should and should not go on /r/explainlikeimfive. Be a little bit more delete-happy, and try to make the subreddit more like the great video found in the sidebar.Agreed. I used to enjoy this subreddit much more when the questions were simple questions about everyday things, which I'd never really thought about. I used to find it a fun challenge to come up with five-year old explanations to things I thought I understood well. I explained things like comparative advantage, why chillis taste hot, or how computer viruses or operating systems work, and I learnt a lot in the process. There are still good posts here, but they are fewer and farther between than they were. A lot of the current questions just don't have clear answers. They're not everyday, complex but well understood things that need to be explained simply, they're vague, political, uncertain things, or matters of personal taste or preference. There is no clear five year old answer to 'What should be done in the middle east"; There just isn't.The chicken pox question was one of the worst eli5 threads recently. It was more explaining like they were 50 year old scientists. I actually addressed this issue in there and still people continued to explain it like a scientist with chemical formulas and so on below me. This post was completely necessary
I see them turning knobs the entire time...are they just adjusting the volume?First of all, we need to talk about the difference between a DJ and a Producer. A Producer makes music A DJ plays music That said, keep in mind that almost all Producers are also DJs (but NOT many DJs are Producers). Think about it: with any instrument, lots of people play other people's songs, but very few end up good enough to write their own. Same thing. In any case, all the big name DJs you hear of are famous for songs they PRODUCED, (though most of them are, as you might expect, incredible DJs as well). All the DJs you named are both. Finally, as a bunch of other people on this thread said already, there are also DJs that actually produce (make) music live. That's pretty cool, but also much more rare, so I don't think that's what you're talking about. So, what is a DJ doing up there in his (or her) little box. Well, a number of things: Picking songs It's not enough to just pick a good song or even a good dance song to be a good DJ; you need to pick a song that goes well with the last song you played. This is very difficult to do for 3 hours straight unless you know A LOT of music REALLY WELL (which is one of the most important things that makes the best DJs so good). Sometimes, DJs just "know" what songs go well with other songs (practice helps a lot), but other times, they need to listen to both songs being played at the same time to figure out whether they mesh or not. So, while a song is playing on the speakers, the DJ will play another song in his headphones and, listening to both at the same time, decide whether they go well together.
[deleted]I'm going through the comments on many Thatcher threads, news article comments and forums - and there is a lot of happiness over her death - parties, celebrations, pints. I think it'd be worthwhile explaining why she is hated.In the 1980's the British economy was struggling. To get the country out of the mess it was in, she decided to deregulate the banks, sell government owned companies, and get rid of "out-dated" forms of industry, and manufacturing eg: coal mining. This made a lot of people, mainly public sector workers and "blue collar" workers, lose their jobs. The coal miners especially were upset and striked for a long time, however this didn't do any good and in the end they still lost their jobs and livelihoods. This also decimated towns that were built near the mines, turning them into ghost towns filled with unemployed. It also ushered in the era of the UK being a finance based economy, as opposed to manufacturing, which although made some people very rich in the short term did not provide a long term solution to the UK's problems. It can be argued that the current problems in the UK economy are directly due to the changes she instigated, and which the following prime ministers didn't, and couldn't/wouldn't change. So that in a nutshell is why a lot of people really hate her.
I work overnights and find this very annoying since I can't go straight to bed when I get home EDIT: Apparently I need a more exciting job and/or experiment with cocaine and crystal meth. Thanks for all the responses guys. Think I might take up drinking before bed as well. Let's all meet at the bar at 7 am. First rounds on me!You hate your job.I want your response to stay the top response, because I suspect it really does cut to the meat of the problem. But I just want to add a couple of things. When you're sleepy but you're staying up, your body releases stress chemicals to help you out. They build up all night, and by the time you leave work, they're pretty near peak. Furthermore, all earth organisms have a VERY VERY powerful internal daily scheduler. It is reinforced by light cues, but can operate independently of them. So when you walk out of work, not only is your body saying, "okay, its morning, time to be awake!" but this information is being corroborated by all the light you're getting.Correct and it's a legit ELI5 response.Also, poor (i.e. overly bright flourescent) lighting.
The reason for the straight frame "nut crusher" design is to make it stronger. Remember when they told you that triangles are strong? If you look at a "men's" bike frame you see that it is made of two large triangles, meaning it can take a bigger weight, can survive bigger falls and can be made lighter (by having thinner walled tubes) for the same strength. If you wear skirts you can't have that advantage so the "woman" style frame was created. With advances in materials the strength has become less of an issue (except in high performance biking) but the social stigma of a "girls bike" keeps most men from rising one. Interestingly when I lived in Japan every single bike was the lower barred "girl frame" style, presumably because they don't have he same stigma and are more convenient.I live in China. Same thing here. There are "nut crusher" frames around, but they are far less common. As you say, the advances in materials make the need for the "nut crusher" bar irrelevant for all but the highest end cycles. A lower bar is easier for 99% of cycling uses.
I've always wondered why razor refills are so expensive. It seems like they shouldn't cost that much to make. Is it some sort of razor company conspiracy?It is a business model that's been widely adopted. They sell the razor handle itself rather cheaply, but then make huge profits on the blades. The blades are made to not be interchangeable, so you have to buy the blades from them. BWAH HA HA HA! This model has been so successful that it was adopted by makers of inkjet printers. They sell the printers themselves quite cheaply (sometimes below the actual cost of production) and then charge very high prices for ink refill cartridges.Jokes on everyone because I shave with inkjet printersTo get technical, the handle is called a loss leader, "a product sold at a low price, at or below its market cost to stimulate other sales of more profitable goods or services".And this is why I got a shavette straight razor. Disposable blades, 10 bucks for 200 of them. Better shave, no razor burn and more "manly". Only downside is you can't shave in a hurry (unless your a master)...or hung over (unless your a drunken master)
I know this may be a dumb question, but I'm curious. Obviously the band/orchestra has practiced the song a million times prior to a live performance. Do the musicians still follow the conductor's lead, or do they just play from memory? Edit: Wow! I've had no idea this would get such a huge response. Thank you for the answers guys, I've learned a lot of interesting things today!!From where you sit in an orchestra, you do not hear every other instrument clearly. This impacts some more than others, but there are people (from experience - the pianist) who can't hear most of the other players - for them the conductor is absolutely essential. Also, a lot of classical repertoire, especially music from the 19th century onward, requires constant speeding up and slowing down, either in the form of tempo changes or as rubato (bending the rhythm for a few notes for dramatic effect) which is hard to do without a conductor. Also, the conductor is the only person to hear every instrument roughly like an audience member. Thus, they are the only person in an orchestra (assuming a large ensemble) who can hear which sections are too loud and which are too soft, and a large part of the conductor's job is telling individual instruments to change their volume. That said, there are many smaller ensembles and orchestras, particularly those playing baroque and pre-baroque music, that don't play with conductors.As an opera singer, having a good conductor in the pit is like having your mother watch over you. You feel much more secure performing. The first time I did a Puccini opera, "La Boheme," the orchestra sounded so cloudy from the stage, it was hard to hear the beat. With all of the uneven phrase structures and tempo changes, a conductor is absolutely essential.
How can they afford to have 2 F1 teams. Sponsor Felix Baumgartner. Sponsor the Air Race and numerous different extreme sports. Yet all the seem to sell is Redbull energy drinks. They cant make that much money can they?Food technology business guy here. Keep in mind that the operating and manufacturing costs for soft drinks are ridiculously low. Food technology is pretty much just a basic set of chemicals that are essentially commodities (i.e., all products are nearly identical, so they all have an insanely low price). Because of the lengthy FDA GRAS (Generally Recognized as Safe) approval cycle, the majority of breakthroughs in food science today are just better ways to combine these different chemicals to get a certain recipe/application functionality, flavor, umami, or mouthfeel. It's not rocket surgery. Of the ingredients that go into a soft drink, the highest cost will invariably be the packaging (the can) and the packaging coating (e.g., the chemical coating on the inside to make it food-safe). Everything else (phosphates, water, sugar, caffeine and its derivatives, dyes, flavoring...) is an industrial chemical that can be bought for a few hundred bucks a ton. Even carbonation is a technology that has been around since the 19th century. It's a well-perfected process. The real money is in the marketing. Sustain a decade-long "Red Bull gives you wings" campaign and Red Bull's name becomes permanently beamed into people's minds when they think of energy drinks. So Red Bull can absolutely ask a brazillian dollars for a can that really only costs them a few cents to make. More for sugarfree or zero-calorie versions that takes virtually no extra effort to manufacture. Marketing is where the whole becomes worth more than the sum of its parts.
What happened, why are some people agreeing with him, what made him do what he did, the whole nine yards.Dorner was terminated on September 4, 2008, for filing a report concerning the conduct of fellow police officer, Teresa Evans (now a sergeant), for excessive force, which the police claim is false. Dorner accused Officer Evans of kicking suspect Christopher Gettler in the face while he was handcuffed and lying on the ground. An internal review board concluded that Dorner had falsified his report despite the corroborating statements of the kicking victim and of Gettler's father.[13] Dorner cited his termination and sworn testimony that such excessive force did occur Side 1: Dorner was fired for blowing the whistle on a cop using excessive force. Long story short - he was called a liar, and fired. People support him in this endeavor because even if he was mistaken and excessive force wasn't used, he shouldn't have been fired for just watching the public's back, myself included. It probably makes more sense to say "I support what happened was immoral" rather than to say "I support Dorner." On February 9, 2013, the LAPD announced that it would reopen the disciplinary proceedings that led to Dorner's firing I think the LAPD messed up, and I hope this will lead to some changes in law enforcement, especially the amount of people that were caught in the crossfire of the man hunt (1 killed, 2 injured IIRC).
I don't recall ever being given an option to use another browser than safari on any of my macs. http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-21684329Really the reason is that several years ago Microsoft was involved in an antitrust case in the EU over their browsers. As part of the settlement agreement, they agreed to put a message allowing users to chose their browser. This got removed somehow in a Windows 7 update. As per their agreement, they were fined. If the EU wanted to pursue apple over this they would have to go to court and everything, because the fines are the results of a specific agreement between Microsoft and the EU.Did MS just fuck up, think no one would notice or did they think the fine was worth it?I'm not certain if the EU antitrust case is similar to the one in the US (upon further investigation, it stemmed from similar things), but Apple's implementation of Safari is not like Microsoft's in their US antitrust case. In those days, it was harder to get another browser (you pretty much had to pay for it in a brick-and-mortar store or spend a long time downloading). It was alleged that Microsoft was using its APIs to make download and operation of alternative browsers more difficult (Edit: removal of IE is what allegedly made Windows slower). Additionally, Microsoft was conspiring with PC manufacturers (remember, unlike Apple, Microsoft's product is not generally run on Microsoft machines) to bundle software in order to get a foot in the door and squash competition. Microsoft had a lot of leverage with PC manufacturers since Windows was the default OS for most people. It wasn't just that they included IE with Windows.
I think it would be a safe assumption that being a productive, hard working individual is advantageous from an evolutionary perspective. You can tell we are programmed as such since after a hard workout at the gym or nailing a big presentation at work our brain's reward system tells us we did a good job and releases endorphins/dopamine/whatever. That being said...why do I have no other desire than to lounge around with a pizza and a blanket and watch Netflix all day? And isn't it interesting that when you do that, later on you typically feel bad about the fact that you weren't productive and sat on your ass all day? Busting my ass and doing great things gives me such greater pleasure than being lazy, but being lazy always seems like a much better option than busting my ass. Scumbag brain. EDIT: Look I understand that biologically we are wired to conserve energy...but that doesn't explain the cognitive dissonance in my brain where it tells me to be lazy but at the same time beats me up for doing so. EDIT 2: I think all i've learned from this debate is that I have a fundamentally flawed understanding of evolution. Hahaha EDIT 3: And the lightbulb finally went off. I get what everyone is saying now I think. So if i'm understanding everything right, the means to propagating our genes ARE hard coded into our DNA, but that hard coding tells us to be lazy as a result of millions of years of evolution as opposed to few thousands of years of living in civilized society that probably had little to no effect on our genetic makeup. I think what I was trying to say was that evolution has been favorable to those who are adaptable, and those who can adapt to our current society the best will reap the most rewards, allowing most potential to propagate our genes. I hope that made sense...i'm thoroughly confused now and my brain hurts.
For the past month tension on the Korean peninsula has been heating up, with North Korea making many multiple threats involving nuclear weapons. The rhetoric has especially been heated the past week. If you have any questions about the Korean crisis, please ask here. All new threads will be deleted and moved here for the time. Remember: avoid bias, use citations, and keep things simple. This thread will be stickied temporarily for at least a couple days, perhaps longer. EDIT: people keep asking the same question, so I'll put the answer up here. North Korea has a virtually zero chance of hitting mainland United States with a missile. Do not be afraid of this happening.Quick summary of recent events and the situation in general: On April 1st, the DPRK issued a full declaration of war that can be read in full here: http://live.reuters.com/Event/North_Korea/70001409 Sadly, this was not an April Fool's prank, although we'd all like the DPRK a lot better if it was. Most of this "document" is rhetoric and rambling that seems to have been translated by a 5 year old, so I won't summarize it. At this point, we were pretty sure the DPRK was just posturing. Later that day, China began mobilizing it's troops to the DPRK border. The details can be read here: http://freebeacon.com/border-patrol/ China almost certainly will not actually intervene in the event of a war and seems to be preparing to control it's borders in case refugees try to flee into their country. There's a possibility Chinese intelligence knows something we don't, or they could just be doing a "just in case" thing because of the DPRK's declaration of war. The world is still not too worried, DPRK is probably just posturing. Fast forward to yesterday and the DPRK has now vowed "actual military action". Not really many details, but the source is here:
Apologies if this has already been posted but I couldnt find it. So anyway, what will this ruling mean and what will change because of it?You're the lucky first one! Generally it means that if your state approves of your gay marriage the federal government must recognize it as well. This doesn't mean gay marriage is legal everywhere, but it means gay marriage, where it's legal, will be more equal than it was before this ruling.so my gay friends were legally married in DC but live in NC (where we just passed an amendment ruling gay marriage unconstitutional in the state). Will they receive the federal benefits because they were legally married, even it's not recognized in their state of residence? Also, does this decision affect NC's Amendment 1 and similar laws in any way?Their Prop 8 ruling was probably the best thing that could happen for Gay Rights advocates. It is much easier to take the fight state by state than push for wholesale change. Numbers show that most if not all states will have a majority support for gay marriage by 2023.
You see posts like these from time to time. It claims that the animals near the radiation zone and in the zone are thriving because of the lack of human presence. Humans aren't there because radiation sickness hurts, so why aren't the animals dying as well?In order to overdose on tylenol, you have to take a large amount in a short period of time. Similarly, "radiation sickness" or acute radiation injury requires a large dose of radiation in a short amount of time. The radiation dose rate isn't high enough inside the disaster zone to trigger this effect (with the exception of areas inside the reactor building itself edit and a few other localized areas of high contamination). Ionizing radiation damages DNA, and your body has many DNA repair mechanisms. A large dose of radiation in a short period of time can overload those mechanisms, leading to radiation injury. The reason humans aren't allowed to live there isn't because of radiation sickness. It is because the elevated amounts of radiation would lead to slightly increased cancer risks. Many people ignore the orders and continue to live there. You can read about them here.There was actually an excellent series done on this by PBS regarding how the animal kingdom has thrived in the exclusion zone. Even with the elevated levels causing twice the birth defects, it's still a haven for animals. Link to video Link to article about video (in case you don't have an hour to spend watching it)
It seems more cost/fuel efficient to make cars with lower top speeds (no higher than 10 or so mph over the speed limit), but also I'm an idiot so who knows. I understand why sports cars are fast, but why would a Toyota Camry need to have the capability of going 120 mph?People like cars that can accelerate quickly (vroom-vroom!), which requires a semi-powerful motor. We also want an efficient vehicle that gets good gas mileage, so we have transmissions with gears that let the engine run at low speeds even while the car is going fast (80 mph). The thing is, the engine still has a lot more power to offer and therefore the car can produce much more top end speed than is needed. Think of it like running - you can't sprint for very long, but you can jog for a long time. If 80 mph is to be efficient for a car, that can't be it's top speed, since that would mean the engine is working it's hardest. You want to cruiiise along. TL,DR: It is a side effect of efficiency. Edit: Thanks for the gold!Exactly this. There are some older cars not working very well that top out at 75. That is pedal to the metal for them. You are probably aware of these 'cars', they are the ones that take forever to speed up on the on ramp, and are still going 55 a 1/2 mile farther down the express way.
Recently a friend asked me if I had seen the X-Files, and when I said yes, asked me to explain the overarching alien storyline to him. I watched all the episodes when the show was on TV, but the best I could muster was a half-hearted ramble about aliens, and rebel aliens, and alien hybrids, and some black oil, and maybe the Nazis were there? And the Anasazi were there? I tried Googling a synopsis, but everybody wants to write a 50,000 work dissertation on the nuances of the show when I'm really only looking for a concise answer. What was actually happening with the aliens on The X-Files? Edit: The truth was out there, specifically in djonesuk's comment. Thanks djonesuk!The X-Files plot arc was about a group of people (The Syndicate) who were trying to negotiate with an alien species (The Colonists) that was intent on taking over the world, wiping out humankind in the process. First contact with the aliens occurred in 1947, when one of their spacecraft crash landed in the desert in New Mexico. In the face of the inevitability that the superior alien intelligence and technology would ultimately beat them, a small group of powerful men negotiated an agreement that humanity would be allowed to continue in the form of an alien-human hybrid. The Syndicate spent most of its time helping The Colonists develop the hybrids by keeping them supplied with human foetuses. However, they were also covertly working on a vaccine that would save humanity from this awful fate. Unfortunately, The Colonists had lied to The Syndicate about what their plans were. The Black Oil that was supposed to create a human-alien slave race, was in fact a virus that created aliens inside the human host and their true intention was to wipe out humanity and take the planet for themselves. The Syndicate's discovery of this betrayal led The Colonists to develop a race of Super Soldiers to ensure that the colonisation of Earth would not be prevented. The series ends with the revelation that the alien invasion is due to start in December 2012, the end of the Mayan calendar.
EDIT: A lot of the questions posed lately could be answered in normal unsimplified language and a 5 year old could still comprehend it. Its the questions that would be hard for a 5-year old to grasp if explained accurately and with the terms and words applicable to the subject that need to be asked here. Examples of what i mean are here HERE There are lots more. Please for topics that arent complicated or hard to understand but you still wish to get more information please use r/askreddit. Complicated matters may include things like nuclear science, chemistry, mathmatic, real estate, financial matters, psychology etc. Not things like "how does fantasy football work" Some people don't share my views on this and that is fine! Everyone has an opinion. In the mean time i think what some of us wanted here were Complicated things Simplified. Laymans terms. So i created a subreddit for it.Why /AskReddit instead of /Answers? I always thought that /AskReddit was for to ask people subjective questions or their personal opinions, whereas /Answers was more factually-oriented, like ELI5 is. Here's my mental flowchart for navigating through these related subs: Can it be explained in dead-simple English? If yes-->/ELI5 If no: 2) Is it science-related? If yes-->/AskScience If no: 3) Is it social science-related? If yes-->/AskSocialScience If no: 4) Is the question subjective? If yes-->/AskReddit If no: 5) For all others-->/Answers Is my understanding of the distinction between these subs correct?
I don't understand why massive amounts of money are safe enough for use on online transactions but voting on local and national elections through the internet isn't a thing yet.Voting needs to be anonymous and have a trusted trail. Paper ballots fit this bill perfectly. You walk into the booth alone and cast your ballot. No matter who someone else told you to vote for they can't control that actual ballot. The election is staffed by people from all major parties and ballots are put into counting machines, etc, in public view. A computer usually tallies the results to make it faster but if there is an issue then they can be hand counted. Online banking is not anonymous and everything you do is recorded. If there is a problem they can pull logs of your IP, login attempts, transactions, everything that was done in your name. Both parties want to ensure they each know who the other is and what they are doing. Creating an internet system that allows someone to validate who they are so they can vote (only once) and yet doesn't store who they voted for is tough. Even if someone says the system is anonymous how can you be sure the NSA (or a company or whomever) isn't recording who you voted for to use against you later? Do you trust the company making the software to actually accept your vote for Kang rather than Kodos? What about an employer who doesn't give people time off of work to vote but allows them to vote on a special office computer? One that might have it's own tracking software or even just a camera in the ceiling to record who votes for who.
Reddit seems to usually support the notion that American's ideals of beauty are heavily influenced by the images and scenarios we see in the media, so much so that much of our behavior is impacted by the desire to conform to these standards. But reddit is very skeptical that violent images and scenarios in the media influence how Americans react to confrontation. Am I incorrectly lumping the proponents of these two views together? Or is there a simple, consistent way to hold both these views at the same time? EDIT: The question was very broad, so I apologize. Many people are assuming I am referring to spree killings or mass-shootings when I talk about violence, which is understandable because those are the incidents that cause this debate to resurface. However, I had more "common" violence in mind; gang violence, fights over women, domestic violence; Castle Doctrine inspired by "No Duty to Retreat"-style country westerns; vigilante justice in the style of Charles Bronson's "Death Wish."It's a good question, and I think it really has to do with attitude more than anything else. And attitude is important. It's entirely possible (even likely) that video games do influence people, but not necessarily in the ways you hear about in the media. The typical claim about video games, for example, is that they condition people to commit violent acts, or they make people more prone to engage in violence. And that's pretty absurd because millions upon millions of people play violent games and watch violent movies/TV without committing violent acts. That's what people get up in arms, so to speak, about. But that doesn't mean people aren't being influenced in any way. It's entirely plausible that people are being desensitized to the sight of violence, and that this changes the way they think about violence in the world. I was in high school when the Iraq war started, and I remember that kids wanted to watch the coverage on the news so they could see the bombs dropping on Baghdad. And it was this almost pretty kind of green night-vision view, with these glowing lights that were rockets and explosions.
The TI-89 Titanium retails for 200 US Dollars (can be found for about 130-140). The TI-89 has been around since 1998. Since then we've developed smart phones, tablets, kindles, etc. Why is the TI-89 still the standard when we could seemingly replace it with something much more powerful for the same or a lesser price?Blame CollegeBoard, the company that administers SAT and AP exams. They only allow certain specified models of Casion, HP, Radio Shack, Sharp, TI, and a few others. They're also very strict about NOT using app-based smartphones as a substitute in their tests. Further, many college math classes require them, and have stuck with particular models, especially TI, as they or their teaching assistants can help with those, but not some random app you downloaded last week. With students forced to buy these, and college stores stocking them as a result, TI has little incentive to innovate or bring the price down.TI does innovate. They just don't become popular. Check out the NSpireRelevant xkcd
We don't; we want them to die. It's harsh, but it's (relatively) true. If you look at your family tree 100, 200 or even 500 years back, you'll find out that your grandmothers churned out at least half a dozen babies in their lifetimes. Due to poverty or sickness, many of these poor kids died, but one or two would go on and have kids of their own. In better times, maybe three or four would survive, but due to war or terrible working conditions, they would die off in their teens or 20s, leaving very few children behind. Similarly the women, if not dying during childbirth, would die at what we now consider a relatively young age of around 50-60, because they wouldn't be able to support themselves. Fast forward to the 1940s, and we see countries with safe jobs, strong economies, and low mortality rates thanks to improved medicine and working conditions. Women still have 5 or 6 kids, and most of them survive... all the way through till now. Good for you, gramps - you're one of the Baby Boomers. And because these old people are staying fitter and healthier for longer, they're staying at work. No more quitting at 50 because of a bad back or arthritis; these guys just neck a few pills, take up some physiotherapy and carry on. This means that the younger kids can't move up the career path; the top jobs are all being held by people in their 60s or even 70s who have decades of experience and who still have all their marbles too. They're making all the money as well, so younger people earn less, and keep earning less well into their 40s.
I've just wondered what's the reason behind doing this, and why it seems to work for everything.Let's say you were playing a chess game, and suddenly noticed that somehow, a few moves ago, both of your bishops ended up on the same color. Now, neither you nor your opponent remember the moves that ended up with that position, so you can't "undo" them. However, you can't just keep playing, because the board is in an invalid position. So you guys get stuck trying to figure out what to do until one of you suggests just starting a new game. Taking all the pieces off the board and setting them up again in the starting position would fix the problem of your bishop being in the wrong spot, but you also lose the game in progress right now. That's - more or less - how rebooting your computer to fix a bug goes: it gets you out of the invalid position, but at the cost of everything else going on.This makes me want to start a subreddit called "explain it like I'm a 5 year old chess player".Truly an elegant explanation of a complicated event.
Aren't there laws against being overtly misleading in advertising?They offer 305mbit/s fiber residential service in certain metro areas - they are the fastest residential isp In those and likely other areas as well http://gigaom.com/2012/07/24/and-here-it-is-comcasts-305-mbps-tier/ edit: also they may be saying something like "fastest national ISP" because one-offs like Google Fiber are not a nation-wide ISP. And when they offer 305mbit/s vs FiOS' 300, they do have the edge in numbers too.exactly. all they need is 1 dude with super duper bandwidth to say they are the fastest ISP in the world. i always imagined the CEO having a crazy fiber line going to his house just to make that claim.Plus, usually somewhere in the ad, in fine print, where you'd need a magnifying glass to read it on a 100" screen, it probably says something like "based on broadband survey 9/2010" or something like that. Usually they disclose where the figure is coming from, and for all you know, they took the survey by running a speed test that favored them.
I am reteaching myself math, but something is bugging me soooo bad and I can't find the answer. What is a real life example of multiplying a fraction by a fraction? I was wondering why .05 to the 5th exponent would get smaller not bigger. This is driving me bonkers.Wow I cannot believe people are downvoting these threads solely because they want to be Mods (or don't want others to be mods).It's like top level law schools. Students rip out important pages in library books so no one else can study them.Internet moderators are a weird bunch, having been one. It's like that tiny little taste of power over people. It's an easy authority over a large group of masses with low responsibility. It's highly desirable on paper. But then you realize authority ain't shit, people still don't listen to you despite a colorful tag, and it just means dealing with drama. I'd do it again personally, it's kinda nice to be "in" for something you like. But it'd have to be as a hands off mod, I've tried to make shit work in small gaming communities (after struggling tooth and nail with other admins that hated me) and it's a fucking nightmare if you actually want to create change.
I get that they're usually just slightly older babies but sometimes it seems that they're fresh out of the womb. Surely they can't just bring one straight from the hospital when they're born.They're pretty much all several weeks old. Because if nothing else - to be in a film you need a bunch of paperwork filled out and filed, and that takes a couple of weeks to do. Also, newborn babies (ie 48 hours or less) are ugly as hell. Three week old babies are cute. But there's services in Hollywoodland wherein pregnant women register themselves and their due date, and when it comes time to shoot the baby scene the movie company calls up the baby service and says "Yeah, I need a black male - how many you got for next Thursday?" and the Service company makes some calls and comes up with a number - 3, 5, 10, whatever. That many black male babies of the apropriate 3-6 week age. So those mothers drag the kids over next Thursday (assuming the kid isn't sick, or whatever) and they shoot the scene with whichever one is cooperating the most with being covered in jelly[1] and shoved under hot bright lights. And there's your "birth" scene. A jelly covered confused child who is hot and blind. [1]It's not actually jelly, but probably dyed petrolum gel or some other similar fluid. You get the idea - something sticky looking that's red.
When I was in ninth grade, my history teacher was odd. I remember the Magna Carta being in 1215 and the bit I mentioned about the bible. But that's all. So true? False? Help?The King James Bible was commissioned by James I in the early 1600s. The Church of England was less than a century old and they were still bickering over translations of the bible into English. There had been a couple of attempts previously, but enough people were unhappy with them that James ordered a new one. This one ended up satisfying enough people for long enough that it became traditional.That, and the leaders of the Church of England (the Bishops) didn't approve of the Geneva Bible (they felt it insulted their church organization), which was wildly popular throughout England and* the continent. The KJB actually used the phrasing and wordings of several of the previous translations; when it was published, it had the support of the crown, which meant it had publishing power to outlast other translations (like the Geneva*)... part of the widespread popularity of the KJB was that about 50 years after it's initial publication, it was the only Bible available to buy. That, and with the spread of the British empire (to America, to India, etc), the KJB spread throughout the world like no other translation previously had. *edits: Because my brain doesn't function in the morning.
Because regular language isn't as descriptive as it should be to make an agreement with. Agreements typically define things as either A or B, with no empty space in between to meddle over. Think of it as an agreement with Mom and Dad: When you finish your dinner you will get to play with the Lego or the other toys. Now, "finish" your "dinner"? Does that mean I have to stop eating, that I have to eat all vegetables or that the plate must be clean? Do I have to lick up the sauce to count as "finished"? If I finish it by feeding it all to Mom, does that count? And then when I do get to play, do I get to play with the Lego and the other toys, or do I have to choose between the Lego on the one side and the other toys on the other? So we go another draft: When you finish your dinner, meaning that at least 90% of the vegetables by weight and at least 50% of the potatoes and meat are consumed by you, you may play with any or all of your toys at your discretion. That's a lot closer to the intended meaning but it's a lot harder to read too. Lawyers typically try to close all visible loopholes.
For example, marijuana. If this triggers the release of dopamine within the body, why not just shoot up dopamine?A lot of neurotransmitters (think hormones, but in the brain) actually can't cross the blood-brain barrier (they can't get into the brain if they're outside the brain). So it wouldn't matter if you injected yourself with dopamine, it probably wouldn't have a major effect on your brain. One way around this is using chemicals which the brain can then synthesise into the neurotransmitters. For example, dopamine is synthesised in the brain using a chemical called L-Dopa, which CAN pass through the blood-brain barrier. So, drugs used to treat Parkinson's, which is caused by a lack of dopamine, actually contain L-Dopa, rather than dopamine itself.So why don't we inject l-dopa?The ELI5 version: you have a friend across the street who wants ice cream. Youve got ice cream and the ingredients to make ice cream at your house. However, the road is too hot to carry ice cream over. You have the cream and sugar though, and he has a freezer. So, you carry the cream and sugar across the street and he mixes it and freezes to get him the ice cream he desires.
I find myself fixating my eyes on something without paying attention to it. What's my brain doing and why does my body essentially pause while it's happening?Your brain's default mode network is becoming activated. As a five year old, this is like when the car is turned on but is at a stop sign. All the parts are working, but the engine is going at a slower speed than when the car is moving and other parts, like the brakes are more active.So our brain is idling? Way cool. Thanks!This is awesome; thanks for it! I've often wondered what it is. I would describe it as after a long time staying focused on some task, there is more of a chance that it will happen. Some fact or thought will enter my mind, and I can feel my focus waning. I can fight it off but it feels good to let go. I can feel my focus turning to a broad awareness. The thought that started it all sparks new thoughts and considerations. Sometimes it's a wild train of thought with a ton of nested "this leads to that" kind of thinking. It feels refreshing; I've often described it as "stretching for your brain" in that it feels as good as (or similarly to) a good stretch does to your muscles.
Hey guys, I'm new at this whole Reddit thing, wasn't sure where to ask this. Now, I understand Wikipedia is not an acceptable source for school essays, yet whenever I'm interested in learning about something I can nearly always go to Wikipedia and find a relatively well manicured, fairly thorough article that generally satiates my thirst for knowledge. How is this possible? Who stops the assholes from covering these articles in walls of ascii porn? Are the mods just that awesome? Is the vandalism just really easy to remove? Who's writing all these articles anyway? (Edit: Grammar, courtesy of mrthedon)First of all, wikipedia is a fine source for essays, at least compared to any other encyclopedia. Which means you should use it as a starting point, and then investigate the sources the article refers to. Lots of good questions here. Let's take them one at a time. Who stops the assholes from covering these articles in walls of ascii porn? Generally, just regular users, who spend hours and hours of their own time undoing stuff like this. Are the mods just that awesome? They appear to be good, but most of the work done to keep up the appearance (and in fact most of the work on the articles themselves) are written by regular people with no particular wikipedia-given powers. Is the vandalism just really easy to remove? Undoing vandalism is actually really easy, and smart people have made it extremely efficient and even created bots which will remove some particularly obvious vandalism. It's really hard to vandalize wikipedia for any length of time without going to a lot more effort than those undoing you.
I live in Minnesota, and we rarely get tornados (compared to OK or KS at least), but we pretty much all have basements. Why don't all houses/apartments have interior basements instead of exterior shelters?Basements are (sort of) a requirement in cold climates such as your own, or here in Canada, where the foundation needs to be below the frost line to avoid having the building shift and eventually collapse as the ground freezes and thaws over the years. Since you have to dig that deep anyway, there's no reason not to use the space you're excavating as an extra floor below the ground level - a basement. In warmer climates, a basement is entirely optional. You can save a lot of money by skipping it, and also some potential annoyance with flooding as well. So it's a lot less common.This is correct. The biggest two factors for basements are frost lines and terrain. Building into a hillside requires some excavation, although not as much as digging a full basement. That's where you get your exposed basements. In the USA (and likely elsewhere, but I only did design work in the US), foundations must go below the frost line. The farther north you go, the lower that is. At some point, it is cheaper to leave an open basement than pouring that much concrete to work as the foundation.
Issues like this are usually due to mishandling of character encoding. Inside computers all data is stored a series of numbers. Basically, the old way of storing text is to use exactly one byte (eight bits; each bit is a 0 or 1) for every single letter. This is what ASCII is; in ASCII the numbers from 0 to 255 each correspond to a letter, for example the number 97 is lowercase a. The issue with this is that there are a lot more than 255 different characters that people want to use in text; even many Western European languages didn't have some of their symbols available. Asian languages, Eastern European, Hebrew and so on don't have any of their letters available in ASCII. This problem is solved by having a much larger range of letters called Unicode. Using this scheme they have an extremely large space for symbols, which allows them to have characters for silly things like smiley faces and snowmen. There are different ways for storing the Unicode characters; some of them just always use 16 or 32 bits for each character but that ends up not being very efficient for most Western-biased usages where almost all of the letters are from ASCII and only a few are "special". The most common way of encoding the charaters is called which is the same as ASCII for characters numbered 0 to 127, but the other characters use multiple bytes. UTF-8 has some nice properties that are beyond what I will mention here, but the important thing is if you accidentally try to read UTF-8 text as ASCII, any of the simple letters or numbers will look normal.
From working at the inside of a large public University. Lots of money is going towards the administrative costs. I saw a massive increase in admin positions vs. teaching/support staff positions. WSJ had a good article on this exact topic at the very end of 2012. Some more interesting excerpts. Many of the newly hired, it turns out, were doing little teaching. A Wall Street Journal analysis of University of Minnesota salary and employment records from 2001 through last spring shows that the system added more than 1,000 administrators over that period. Their ranks grew 37%, more than twice as fast as the teaching corps and nearly twice as fast as the student body. Across U.S. higher education, nonclassroom costs have ballooned, administrative payrolls being a prime example. The number of employees hired by colleges and universities to manage or administer people, programs and regulations increased 50% faster than the number of instructors between 2001 and 2011, the U.S. Department of Education says. Administrative employees make up an increasing share of the university's higher-paid people. The school employs 353 people earning more than $200,000 a year. That is up 57% from the inflation-adjusted pay equivalent in 2001. Among this $200,000-plus group, 81 today have administrative titles, versus 39 in 2001.
Many say (not me, I liked it) that "The Hobbit" looked like a cheap soap opera because their highers FPS (THAT IS NOT THE POINT, THE POINT IS IN THE NEXT SENTENCE). So why television shows do not lower their frames per second in order to look like movies, that have lower FPS, since that high frame rate is somewhat strange for our eyes?Some do. 30 Rock does this. You can see the difference easily if you compare the two live episodes they did - filmed in higher "TV" fps - with a normal episode. They even make a joke about the difference at the end of one of the live episodes ("Something feels different", or something like that). Breaking Bad, HBO shows like Game of Thrones, etc also shoot at 24 fps.Most of the difference in the appearance between the live shows and the normal shows is the lack of post production.30 Rock shoots at 24fps because it's shot on film. It's rare for a professional film cinema camera to shoot 30fps (or rather 29.97, which is what most digital cams [and TV shows] shoot at)."It feels like...we're in a Mexican soap opera" or something to that effect.
