I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.I speak not a word of Spanish but I love Junot Diaz's work, the dude knows how to tell a story and it's never too difficult to figure out what the Spanish bits were saying.Also, at least in the US, Spanish is a pretty damn common second language and a pretty damn common foreign language to take in school. Of the people I know, I'd say about 75-85% of those under the age of 30 can at the very least read Spanish at some level, and I don't even live in the Southwest.Where would you suggest that I start with him?Agreed, though this isn't 100% consistent he tends to like using Spanish phrases to label something that he spent a whole paragraph describing in English. It is presumably a bit more accessible if you have a strong understanding of the language but I don't think it takes anything away.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.It's because what once was fluid has become static. No matter what you do, you'll never get that story to move like it did before. I liken it to watching over the shoulder of a true-life painter as he puts a busy street on the canvas. What will he include and not include? Where will each new brushstroke take you? The wonderment that fills you as the blank canvas becomes filled with people and cars and trees and animals is the truest joy of reading. But then you start to notice how little blank canvas is left - how few pages you have left to turn. And you are filled with an implacable dread, because you know it's almost over. The mystery is fleeing; it's coming to an end and all you can do is keep watching. And then it's over. He lets you keep the painting. You put it up in your bedroom with the rest and you know that at any point in the rest of your life, you can go back and look at it again, but it just won't be the same. Because you're not watching it in real-time anymore. The street you saw bustling with life is now dried on paper. That post-book depression is the longing for the words on the pages to move for you like they did the first time you read them. When you didn't know what the next paragraph held and the world in which the characters found themselves was entirely without limit. Because any time you re-read the story, you know that they aren't free to roam anywhere like they were before. They are stuck in a cart on a track and all you can hope for is to notice something about the scene you didn't before, and to just try to relive those feelings you had the first time around.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Your dad's book list seems to be pretty popular. Both of them are showing up as "Too many requests, try again later"A Statistical Analysis of Your Dad’s Booklist https://www.dropbox.com/s/500lkv3y52ghl6e/booklist_plots.pdf Foreword: In general, we have too little data for the years 1973-1991, so interpretation could be tricky. I included these years anyway for completeness’ sake. I removed all data with missing values or invalid dates. Plot 1: Overall, your dad rated the books he read after 2006 better than the ones before. Maybe he selected them better, or he got more generous in his ratings as he got older. Plot 2: His ratings did not depend on the month in which he read the books. For instance, he liked the books he read in March as much as the books he read in September. An interesting exception is February, which has a slightly lower score median.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.And such a great book to find, reaper man is one of my favourites of Terry Pratchett's books. Totally appropriate too that Death takes a holiday too :) Where did you find it/ any story behind it?The Death books are my favorite Pratchett books.I found it in Madison, WI. Which is funny, because my boyfriend just told me about a book Terry Pratchett and Steven Baxter wrote together (my bf is more into that "hard" sci-fi), and while they reference all these local Madison landmarks, they still use British colloguialisms that no Madisonian would use, like "lads."Reaper Man is when Death is retired, Mort and Soul Music are when he takes holidays iirc. Not that it really matters, but I find it helps to be precise in cases such as this.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.It's my favorite monument in Berlin. This one is all the more striking due to the large empty square all around it. So you go there and just see tons of people standing around, looking down. It doesn't make any sense until you too go over and look down.It's also my favourite monument in Berlin, however every time I've been to it there hasn't been another soul around.I recently attended the Holocaust museum in Jerusalem and they have something similar. They had photographs of books burning, videos, displays of burned/salvaged objects. It's a heavy experience. Now I know why my English teachers never thought book burning jokes were funny. It's sad to watch. Even though I'm Jewish, I have no family I am aware of who died in the Holocaust but I still feel connected to the victims because of this inescapable aspect of my identity. At the very end of the tour is a hall of records which is supposed to have every victims name in it, but a lot of the space is still unfilled since not all the names are known. In the middle of this records room was a big pit that goes deep down. My mother asked me why the pit and I didn't think of this at the time, but it's the scar we carry. 1/3 of your population systematically killed leaves a big hole in the heart.
Just like many records and DVDs now come with free digital downloads, books should do the same. I like having the physical copy of a book on my shelf and to read at home, but also find digital books extremely convenient for travel, work breaks, etc. Further, I'd be willing to pay MORE to get the physical book with the download, instead of just the download itself. Thoughts?Agreed. I don't know why amazon hasn't done this.Because the publishers would throw a shit fit. I wouldn't be surprised if Amazon has or is trying to negotiate such a thing, though.Well, one thing Amazon has done recently is to offer mp3's in their cloud player for CD that I bought from them in the past. That was a great move, I thought, but it really made me question why they won't (or when they will!) do this for books. I have a series that I bought entirely on Amazon, and I want to reread them, but I would really prefer to read them on the Kindle now.In the UK if you add a digital component it will get VAT added while physical books are VAT free. So that's A reason why Amazon.co.uk don't do it.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Virgin Megastore, to be precise. It's the massive one on the Champs Elysées which is closing down later this year for those of you who are interested. Built in the 30's.There are also huge stairs in the main hall of the store. You can definitely feel the history and the past of the building. I've heard a car company will occupy the place after virgin (VW ?).Was there in 1998 (during the World Cup). Never noticed this part of the store! Darn itIt's closing down?? Damn. I bought tons of music there as a teenager. I'd come inside, climb the massive stairs, and turn to the left to the "alternative" section. Once I bought my music and got outside I would pop one of my new cds into my discman and listen to it all the way home. I have a very strong memory of listening to Elliott Smith's self-titled album for the first time; I walked all the way home instead of taking the train so that I could really pay attention to it. And all that time I never noticed it used to be a bank. Ha.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Alright so I like lists that are in a printable format. I did the list here and at the end I went through and got most of the top level 'why isn't this one on there?' suggestions as well. -----------------   Above Top 50   -----------------   Ubik - Philip K. Dick Ender’s Game - Orson Scott Card The Lord of the Rings trilogy - J.R.R. Tolkien The Handmaid’s Tale - Margaret Atwood Dhalgren - Samuel R. Delany A Song of Ice and Fire - George R.R. Martin The Gormenghast series - Mervyn Peake The Moon Is a Harsh Mistress - Robert A. Heinlein Kindred - Octavia Butler The Left Hand of Darkness - Ursula K. Le Guin Nine Princes in Amber - Roger Zelazny Jonathan Strange & Mr. Norrell - Susanna Clarke Slaughterhouse-Five - Kurt Vonnegut The City & The City - China Miéville The Once and Future King - T.H. White The Mists of Avalon - Marion Zimmer Bradley Zone One - Colson Whitehead The Harry Potter series - J.K. Rowling The Time Quartet - Madeleine L’Engle The Chronicles of Narnia - C.S. Lewis His Dark Materials - Philip Pullman The Female Man - Joanna Russ Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea - Jules Verne Brown Girl in the Ring - Nalo Hopkinson Solaris - Stanislaw Lem The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy - Douglas Adams The Dune Chronicles - Frank Herbert Nineteen Eighty-Four - George Orwell Snow Crash - Neal Stephenson The Stars My Destination - Alfred Bester Neuromancer - William Gibson American Gods - Neil Gaiman The Foundation series - Isaac Asimov Discworld - Terry Pratchett Alice’s Adventures in Wonderland - Lewis Carroll Among Others - Jo Walton Brave New World - Aldous Huxley The Last Unicorn - Peter S. Beagle The Drowned World - J.G. Ballard Witch World - Andre Norton Something Wicked This Way Comes - Ray Bradbury The Time Machine - H.G. Wells Never Let Me Go - Kazuo Ishiguro Little - Big - John Crowley The Dragonriders of Pern series - Anne McCaffrey How to Live Safely in a Science Fictional Universe - Charles Yu The Enchanted Forest Chronicles - Patricia C. Wrede The Castle trilogy - Diana Wynne Jones The Giver - Lois Lowry
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Most people dont get my hobby... Who are these people? I don't like them, because this is awesome! You should post more pictures of your books.OP delivers. They're in chronological order so you can see the improvement over time. The descriptions might be a little wordy, because I'm a little overexcited about showing off to people who get it. You guys rock.I second this! Would love to see more of your books, OP. Handmade books are exciting!Most people lack the creative spirit, bro.I'm not too fond of people who don't get things like this. I always find that everyone has some unique quirk about them, some hobby or interest that makes them interesting. Whenever they talk about it I always find it interesting, and will always be interested.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Why does the medium matter? People are reading.No, no, no! It's not really reading books unless they read it exactly the same way I do!Yes! I love a real book but in reality I wouldn't go out and buy loads of them, I tend to travel and live abroad a lot so I don't have a bookcase or anything. Thanks to my kindle I can read books I wouldn't otherwise have (yes, there are libraries but when you are abroad the choice in English is limited). Once I have a house I will buy my faves and put them in a big bookcase :)Well... if one believes that ebooks will eclipse physical books, one could easily argue that the high initial costs to reading with ebooks (namely, the cost of the ebook reader itself) and the increase in the costs of manufacturing physical books through loss of economies of scale could have a crippling effect on access to books for low socioeconomic groups, which would reduce literacy and decrease social mobility.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.When I was a young kid back in the 70s we did this "book-a-thon" thing where you got people to pledge a certain amount of money towards some school trip for each book you read in the month. Well I was a complete bastard and even though I read the Lord of the Rings books in 4th grade I plowed through the school library's Herp Derp, Dick-and-Jane section with wild abandon. My teacher was appalled, I don't remember what my parents said, but the librarian thought it was hilarious and helped me pick more books to gouge the pledgers. I counted my little brother's books (The Monster At The End Of This Book!), I counted Atari 2600 game manuals, I counted Archie and Richie Rich comics, and the librarian gleefully signed off on it all.The Monster at the End of This Book is one of my favourites!!!I did one of those too! Except that I read regular books, while the kids who won (we were all in the same age group - around 9-10) did what you did and beat me by a landslide. It was a week-long contest and some of them read over 100 books while I managed maybe 15. So, yeah, I hated those kids, but I have to admit it's a good strategy.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.I have one of these, absolutely one of the best cases I've ever owned. People will often ask me if I'm reading the bible, then they get really freaked out when I show them I was just watching porn on my phoneHow much does the little wallet side actually hold? I'm sure the moment I get this case I'll be mugged and while I'm explaining I have no wallet or money, my book will ring.I had one too and they honestly aren't that great. The leather is really cheap and really regrade over time. (I did keep it in my pocket and used it a lot, I may have overused it, if so it isn't that durable...) Second of all, there is no camera hole so you have to take it out when you want to take a pictureIs there such thing as bible porn?
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Palahniuk gets some kids to read who otherwise might not be reading, and opens the door to Eastern philosophy that is rarely found in western culture. This is good. Though I personally feel I've "graduated" from him, I will always keep his books out in the open on my bookshelf and hold him in high regard. "The things you own end up owning you." EDIT: By "kids" I mean adolescents/teens/young adults, the age where one has to choose to want to read.I thought I remember hearing that Chuck was kind of a technophobe. (maybe not scared of tech, just doesn't like using it) I wonder if he'll have someone doing the AMA for him. I hope I never "graduate" from reading Chuck's books. I've actually re-read a couple and plan to re-read more.... (little obsessed)
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.This guy is a class act, a great author and I have a cool story about him to share. I read all his books while deployed to Iraq in 2006 while in the Marines. Because I had nothing better to do I wrote him a letter and 3 months later I get a package from NYC. I open it up and he has included something from every book (Like a rubber duck and other stuff I forgot). He also gave me a signed copy of Fight Club with an inscription saying "let the rocks work for you". Confused I kept digging in the box and found a jewelry box with a necklace in it he had made himself with "magic rocks" and it said to nick from chuck P on alternating beads between the rocks. I actually wore it while on patrol in Iraq and had several close calls but did not get shot the whole time. He also wrote me a long letter and said he would have sent me porn but heard it was illegal. What a cool dude!! Made my week and I still got all the stuff. Proof: http://imgur.com/RyDrZjACool story and I think you lucked out. I've read enough of his works to decide, I at would be very worried about receiving any porn from Chuck's collection.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.My favourite position is where my bum is right up against the base of my bedroom wall, and my legs are also up against the wall but pointing towards the ceiling. Edit: Just to clarify that in this position I use an e-reader where I have the e-reader up against my thighs and sometimes a pillow under my head to aid angle.This guy knows how to readI use a chair... a comfortable chair, mind you, but still a chair. Mostly because they're designed to be sat upon.It intrigues me to think that, prior to the invention of lightweight books, there would be no reason at all for someone to assume the sort of positions - and for such duration - as we're seeing in this comment and in this thread. And yet they've become so widespread and typical of the reading public that we all know what we're referring to here.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Many summers when I was young/stupid/broke/bored, my SO and I used to keep a container of Tide in the car... because Six Flags used to use blacklights for their re-entry stamps. We would smear it across the back of our hands, and whatever hand they were stamping it on that day, we would quickly show it under the lamp upon re-entry. The people manning the re-entry gates were young and bored like us. They didn't care what the stamp looked like, they just wanted to see something glowing on your hand.You ... made an account to share this?We used to do this to drink at a club in Memphis. they stamped with blacklight ink if you were over 21. We just took blacklight markers with us. A blurry approximation of the stamp, test it under the blacklight of the Disks of Tron game in the lobby... Yea, it was a while ago.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Speaking as a geneticist, I like this but have an alternative theory of my own. From a genetics perspective, I am not sure they ever really justify why a Trinucleotide repeat disorder is any more likely an answer than a simple deletion/insertion mutation on any other autosomal locus. A gain-of-function mutation as simple as a 1 BP (non-silent) substitution (which is lost in Squibs) is much more concise. If you want a fancy explanation for it's near-100% heritability, perhaps a good bet would be a (perhaps magically stabilised) extrachromosomal entity. This could carry the "wizard gene" and would have very high heritability (assuming only one copy is required). Indeed, using this kind of DNA for (usually somatic) gene therapy is an active area of research. What I like best about this explanation is that, if the "wizarding extrachromosomal entity" (WEE) is functional present as a single copy, then only one parent needs to have a single WEE for it to passed on most of the time. If it replicates itself then you can guarantee that nearly every gamete will have a copy. Then, regardless of whether the other parent has it or not the zygote (i.e eventual baby) will have it. Perhaps a dose-response ratio of the WEE explains differential wizarding strength as well as likelihood of heritability! If the WEE acts like a multicopy plasmid does (albeit with highly limited ability for self replication outside of meiosis - this would require some very fancy novel DNA replication architecture), then an increase in the number of WEEs would make you a stronger wizard (greater abundance of the gene product) and more likely to have strong wizarding offspring (and MUCH less likely to produce squibs). As with gene therapy presently, extrachromosomal entities are very unusual and are usually a hallmark of cancer or viral infection. The key point here being that it is possible to artificially introduce this DNA into someone, meaning that muggle-born wizards could be the product of a muggle parent who acquired a WEE (in their germline) through viral infection or other (perhaps even magical?) means. Of course for this to arise in the first place it must have been possible through some highly unlikely evolutionary event to produce an ancestral WEE naturally, so perhaps muggleborns are just a result of de novo WEE formation.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.I just had hideous images of my book getting stuck.It's like that Twilight Zone episode - you finally save up the money, the book gets stuck, your glasses fall off/break...You know that machine would get tipped.(page of the book against the glass on page 476): " after the last time, she was a bit more hesitant to take things as serious but could not detract her innate desire of wanting to find all she could about what had happened. Though her closest confidantes convinced her she was overly suspicious, she had to know for herself. Convinced of what she had to do, Mary let the phone ring and poured the first drink of the afternoon thinking only of what she reluctantly had to do. Afternoons on the pier were her secret pleasure. Not a hidden thing but who would care? Who would understand how walking barefoot over cedar boards calmed her to the point of near seduction? She preferred to keep these thoughts and feelings to herself. The phone buzzed again but somehow the wake of jet skiers racing over the lake was more entertaining to her attention and after five minutes of self-perpetuated ADD, Mary found herself in the place she wanted to be in her mind: Away from the contract, away from home and finally back in touch with the remnants of dreams she treasured so.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.While some of the more strange illustrations of Alice, I think his use of color was spectacular. If you can get a copy of the book, it will set you back several thousand dollars. I'd love to have one. I wonder if amy of those drawing are available as prints. I'd love to have some hanging on my walls. Talk about becoming lost in a painting. I could stare at those for hours!Some people have disassembled the book and sold the individual pages as prints.There is a Salvador Dali museum in Paris that has a bunch of these prints. Also a number of cool sculptures he did. It's small, but I quite enjoyed it.It would be amazing just to look through it, let alone purchase a copy... It's unfortunate that it could conceivably cost so much.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Is that not also your kids having just seen a film or played a video game?Yeah. Also if your kids have an imagination.Yeah that first kid has definitely been playing Bioshock.I used to nanny a kid who was obsessed with pretending to be Spore creatures.i can't find it now but i read a study that reading achieves a higher level of immersion. people who have read a lot of books are better able to "see the world through another persons eyes" so to speak. not to mention reading excites your visual imagination on a higher level. playing a game gives you a world, a character, a style and everything all laid out for you. no need to imagine a face, or what their armor looks like, or how they sound or the world they live in for yourself. books give you a chance to create that world for yourself, not to have it laid out for you.
This post has its roots in a post from r/booklists which linked to a blog post about the "Top 10 Top 100 Book Lists". This post linked to 10+ "Top 100" book lists from sources such as TIME magazine, Entertainment Weekly, Modern Library, etc. They were all in such different formats, and such different ways of being presented that I wanted to amalgamate all of these into one master "list" in order to compare them (thirteen lists in total since I also added in the first 100 of the Reddit's 200 favorite books). I have since thrown this into a pdf file on Scribd if anyone is interested. My next step was to compare each of these and see what books are most recommended in top lists. I omitted two lists (100 most influential books ever written and 100 Major works of creative nonfiction) since there was VERY LITTLE overlap between the other lists which were primarily fiction. I made one giant list that combined 11 "Top 100" Book Lists. The complete table, again available as a PDF on Scribd lists all the books I'm the left hand column and all the lists along the top. An 'X' denotes that the book was included in that list regardless of position. The books are sorted vertically by the number of lists in which the book is included. If you don't want to see the entire lists, a quick summary is shown below. The top 26 (those that were recommended by 6/11 lists or more are: Catch-22 by Joseph Heller - (10/11 Lists) Lolita by Vladimir Nabokov - (10/11 Lists) The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald - (10/11 Lists) Invisible Man by Ralph Ellison - (9/11 Lists) Slaughterhouse-5 by Kurt Vonnegut - (9/11 Lists) The Catcher in the Rye by J.D. Salinger - (9/11 Lists) The Sound and The Fury by William Faulkner - (9/11 Lists) 1984 by George Orwell - (8/11 Lists) Beloved by Toni Morrison - (8/11 Lists) The Grapes of Wrath by John Steinbeck - (8/11 Lists) To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee - (8/11 Lists) The Sun Also Rises by Ernest Hemingway - (7/11 Lists) An American Tragedy by Theodore Dreiser - (6/11 Lists) Atlas Shrugged by Ayn Rand - (6/11 Lists) Brave New World by Alduos Huxley - (6/11 Lists) Gone With the Wind by Margaret Mitchell - (6/11 Lists) Midnight’s Children by Salman Rushdie - (6/11 Lists) My Antonia by Willa Cather (1918) - (6/11 Lists) On the Road by Jack Kerouac - (6/11 Lists) The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn by Mark Twain - (6/11 Lists) The Heart is A Lonely Hunter by Carson Mccullers- (6/11 Lists) The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy by Douglas Adams - (6/11 Lists) The Tropic of Cancer by Henry Miller (1934) - (6/11 Lists) Their Eyes Were Watching God by Zora Neale Hurston - (6/11 Lists) To the Lighthouse by Virginia Woolf - (6/11 Lists) Ulysses by James Joyce - (6/11 Lists)I thought it would be interesting to line this up with Goodread's The Most Begun "Read but Unfinished" list. There isn't nearly as much overlap in the top ten as I anticipated, but the bulk of them are represented at some point in the expanded top 100. I'm not sure what I'm even getting at here....To be fair, not even Chaucer finished The Canterbury Tales Edit: Aw shucks, thanks for the gold!I laughed when I saw that Catch-22 was number 1 on this list, and I have it marked as currently reading...and have had it marked as such for about two years...(I will finish it, I swear!)Seriously? The Old Man and the Sea? What is it, 90 pages?
Blind date with a book The shelf was full when we got there, but was like this as we were leaving. The books are wrapped in paper and have different designs on them, and then a few words vaguely describing the subject matter of the book. Things like "Drama", "Plot Twists", "espionage", etc. The only thing exposed on the book is the barcode that you use to scan the book out. I thought it was a pretty cool idea.That's a fantastic idea. You should share it on /r/libraries They would love it over there.!!! I didn't know there was an r/libraries! Just subscribed. Thank you!Haha. Saw the title, thought that's where I was. Didn't even realize it was r/books until I saw this comment. This would be a neat idea to steal for a high school media center.Love this idea! For someone like myself, who consistently vacillates when trying to choose the next book, this would spice things up. Thanks for the share!My thoughts exactly. Even used bookstores can do this for cheap ones. It's a win-win really: you get a cheap book and could potentially discover an author or a genre you didn't consider before.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Wonderful find. They're great pieces of personal history; if you're into genealogy, you'll probably find written records of your family history - looks like a bit is on the presentation page. I too recently uncovered several family bibles dating from the 18th and 19th centuries. The beautification of older Bibles is really something to behold...If you're reading the Bible, you better be into genealogy.I gotta ask. How much do you think it's worth?Over the summer I found one of these bibles at my grandmother's church, it has pictures of people way back from the 1800's. I took some [shaky] pictures of it, I could post them maybe.I'm not sure how many people know this but the older the bible the more core information it has in it. Books that are about 2000 years old have the most information that you wont find in todays bible because you have to change a bible by 10% every time you put out a new one.
Catcher in the Rye, Brave New World, Catch 22, repeat ad nauseum. All great books, but we all knew that already. So here is my list of other must reads. None of them are all that obscure, but they're all really great books for one reason or another. I'm adding some stuff to the original list, like whether the book is a series and how many and stuff, just to clear up confusion Edit: 2:30pm OK I'm going to go back and edit this so it looks like less of a mess. A Town Like Alice- Nevil Shute (My favorite book ever. The one I would pick to save from a burning library) (wow I could not have spelled his name less correctly) Salt- Mark Kurlansky The Thief and The Queen of Attolia- Megan Whalen Turner Edit: seems like no one else has read this one. Seriously, one of the best books I have ever read. It's sort of an ancient Greek fantasy heist story espionage thriller. The Thief won a Newbery Honor but The Queen of Attolia is where is gets REALLY awesome. READ THEM. It's a series of currently 4 books, 5th is on the way The Third Policeman- Flan OBrien Revenge- Stephen Fry Band of Brothers- Stephen Ambrose All Creatures Great and Small- James Herriot The Twenty One Balloons- William Pene Dubois The Painted Veil- Somerset Maugham Stardust- Neil Gaiman The Princess Bride- William Goldman Cuchulain of Muirthemne- Lady Augusta Gregory translation The Penderwicks- Jeannie Birdsall (series of 3) The Piano Shop on the Left Bank- Thad Carhart Shopgirl- Steve Martin An Unsuitable Job for a Woman- PD James The Daughter of Time- Josephine Tey To Say Nothing of the Dog- Connie Willis Sabriel- Garth Nix (series of 3, 4th on the way) Dealing with Dragons- Patricia C Wrede (series of 4, another series just arrived, Thirteenth Child and Across the Barrier) The Hunt for Red October- Tom Clancy (give it a chance, it's really good!) The Squire's Tale- Gerald Morris (series of 8 or 9) OK has no one else heard of this guy? Do you want to laugh till you piss yourself? Ok then, go read Morris. Now, Voyager- Olive Higgins Prouty The Last September Asterix and Obelix- Goscinny et Underzo TinTin- Hergé Flashman's Lady- George MacDonald Frasier (series of many) Good Omens- Terry Pratchett and Neil Gaiman (the audiobook is also good) Swallows and Amazons- Arthur Ransome (series of many) Danny Champion of the World- Roald Dahl (did you know that there's a movie? With Jeremy Irons and his son, Sam Irons? SO CUTE) Tinker Tailor- John Le Carre The Devil's Dictionary- Ambrose Bierce (best bathroom book. I keep a copy in our WC for the amusement and edification of guests. Speaking of which, look up the definition of Guest) The Ordinary Princess- MM Kaye Catwings- Ursula le Guin (series of 4) Mr Revere and I (also Ben and Me and Captain Kid's Cat)- Robert Lawson Carry on Mr Bowditch- Jenny Latham Redwall- Brian Jaques (also the Redwall Cookbook if you're really looking for a giggle) (series of many many many) The Reluctant Dragon- Kenneth Graham (yes THAT Kenneth Graham, also look for the audiobook read by none other than Boris motherfucking Karloff. It will make your life better, I promise) Kenny and the Dragon- Tony Diterlizzi Basin and Range- John Mcphee Circles- James Burke (seriously awesome, go check it out NOW) (now that I think about it, this is one of the reddit-iest books ever, if redditism can be called a thing) The Right Stuff- Thomas Wolfe The Shadow Series- Orson Scott Card (ignore his personal politics, these are actually interesting and very good page turners) The Boat that Wouldn't Float- Farley Mowat Apollo 13- Jim Lovell Billy Budd- Herman Melville The Wolves of Willoughby Chase- Joan Aiken (also Nightbirds on Nantucket) Tomatoland- Estabrook Trickster's Choice- Tamora Peirce (depressed_realist reminded me of Peirce. All her books are good, but the Alanna series, the Wild Magic series are EXCELLENT and the best ones of all are Trickster's Choice and Trickster's Queen. But you kind of have to read Allana first, or they won't be as good) And Finally The Grey Seas Under by Farley Mowat, which I think is the best book ever written. And of course the sequel, The Serpent's Coil. Everything by the following authors: Terry Pratchett Dorothy L Sayers CS Forester PG Wodehouse Christopher Moore Bill Bryson (Especially In A Sunburnt Country) John Mortimer OK I added him! Mark Kurlansly!! Neil Gaiman James Burke Arthur Ransome John Le Carre Susan Cooper (She's most famous for The Dark is Rising but also check out The Boggart. And let's all just pretend that movie never happened.) Edit I'm off to work after a glorious two days off so I'll be collecting a whole new harvest of books. I'll post more tonight. See you in a few hours folks.Huh, I work in a bookstore and spend my day repeating the phrase "It looks like I dont have that in stock, but it is available to order... Would you like me to call you when we get it in? Or, I could have it shipped to your home for a lower price? Oh, you'll just get it off Amazon then? OK, have a nice day!" Followed by "The restroom? Its in the back left corner of the store."I know where you work. I work there too. :(I also work at a book store, and that about sums it up.Relevant
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.If anyone is curious, I checked out what the kanji mean and they literally translate to "reading pile".This is a really interesting word in Japanese because it's a play-on-words. At its core, "tsundoku" is the casual form of the verb 積んでおく (tsunde oku) which means "to pile up and leave it for a while". However, someone creatively came up with the idea that the "doku" part can be expressed with the kanji "読" ("to read", such as in the word "読書" dokusho, "reading") to create a new word that specifically means to buy some reading materials and pile it up somewhere for a while. Also, even though it's a noun, the "tsunde oku" root of the word can also make it a verb, regardless of what the J-E dictionary says. This one's in a bit of a gray area because it's a strange kind of pun. Source: I speak Japanese, and confirmed on a few Japanese etymology/language websites. Edit: According to a Japanese etymology site, this word has been around since the Meiji era (1868-1912)! Looks like there's a long history of people buying books and not reading them....
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Here's one thing you can do, run book drives. a few years ago I organized one for my town and I collected over 6000 books in just a few weeks. i then brought them to a local literacy organization whose mission is to get books into the homes of kids in need. Don't just complain, do something about it.I agree completely. A great way to get kids interested in reading is to read to them. My mother read a chapter a night of all sorts of great books when I was a child! (The Hobbit, A Wrinkle in Time, etc.)While it's great that you've offered a suggestion, it doesn't seem like Fillian (or OP) are merely complaining. They are soliciting for ideas - you offered one, which is great, but a comment like "Don't just complain, do something about it" seemed a little uncalled for.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Literary Jenga.You have to read anything that falls.This is the Derby Bookstore in Salem, MA. The owner sits behind the 'counter' and you have to pay through a foot wide chest-to-ceiling slot in the books. The store is tiny, but the entire thing is filled like this. Here's a GIS with a bunch of pictures. https://www.google.com/search?q=Derby+Square+Bookstore+salem+ma&hl=en&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ei=-bxJUYHDB-fC4AOzkIHIBA&ved=0CAoQ_AUoAQ&biw=1244&bih=783You never see him when you go in. The first thing you hear when you go through the door is, "Hey how's it going?" and all you see is books. I actually think the owner(s) are just physical extensions of the store, like a hivemind or fleshy avatars that do all the bidding. They always know where everything is at all times.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.You know, I never liked the concept of actual blind dates, but even with those the person setting you up generally has some reason to believe that the date will work out because they know both parties. Is there anything to indicate how the titles where selected?Really? You don't like the idea of meeting up with someone you don't know with no preconceptions on their person? I think it's awesome, you don't come with any expectations, and you can't possibly leave upset or disappointed. It's like getting your cake, and only eating it if it's totally awesome.What do you mean? I'm assuming the titles were selected rather randomly, then someone wrote out an explanation card and it's up to you to decide which one you want.Librarians know the books in every genre, that if you like the genre (written on the outside of the package), you will like the book. Worse case, you have already read the book, so maybe they also select the largely overlooked good books in a genre. Plenty of those to choose from. And as much as we would like to think that we have individualistic tastes, readers are pretty homogeneous and predictable, especially if you're dealing with books that have been out for a while, books whose popularity has already been measured. I mean... Harry Potter. What kid did not like that?
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.I've actually had some of my students say this to me. I find it funny when the publishing company prints the same books with a new cover; they think it's a new book.That's because your students sound like idiots.I work in a bookstore and sadly, I have to repeatedly convince people that the movie tie-in cover is the same book, just a different look to it. Or, better (worse?) yet, they think the new cover is a sequel to the "original" and just happened to be named the same. With the season 3 premiere of "Game of Thrones" we received redesigned copies of book 3. Multiple people were convinced it was book 6 or a "novelization of the third season" and thus, something new to read.That's when you answer "Fine, then here is a selection of books from 1889 that you can choose from instead."
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.If it's a really good book, i re-read the last chapter, because im not ready to let go of the character i just had an adventure with.One of the things I do is slow down when I know I'm reaching the end of the book I like. I'll do other things to make the time in that world last longer. I just finished the book Impulse by Steven Gould. It's 4th in a Series (but really third the 4th is a Movie Tie in with "Jumper") I really liked it but there will not be a sequel for years. So I started reading the previous books, going backward in time. Kind of fun. I rarely re-read books, but the first book in the series, Jumper, hit me so hard that I've re-read it a couple of times. It's SF about a boy who learns to Teleport himself. I got to talk to the Author last month at a book reading. He said that the teleportation was a metaphor for escaping and that really made sense to me. He deals with great themes of being an abused child, what happens when you can't depend on adults to protect you. Terrorism is also big in the book as is making moral decisions when you have a super power.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Alternate interpretation: Thomas Jefferson came back from the grave, broke into Borders, stole all of the books, and left a taunting message for police.I dance on Border's grave. As someone who worked at two different Border's stores, and who made it to inventory supervisor (middle/low management) I can say that without a doubt, Borders was one of the most poorly run companies that I've ever had the displeasure of working at. First of all, they sold their books, movies, CDs at higher prices than other places, and they did so using BINC, which is their own inventory/pricing system. Secondly, they seemed to hire absolute twits as managers. I know I'm making a generalization here, but I worked for 3 Borders managers, and met several more. The managers were barely aware of what jobs their employees actually did, or what they entailed. The district managers were even worse.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Which archives were these?I like to keep my online presence and my professional life completely separate, so I'll keep that my secret. I'm a colonial history professor, and I do some side work at an archive cataloging books.FWIW, there's one at the Harry Ransom Center in Austin, and another at Yale's Beinecke Library.Damn, if only I had known of reddit and this beautiful subreddit when I worked in a university library, I could've shown you a lot of books quite similar to this one. To this day I kick myself for not having taken more pictures. Most of the work I had to do was measure old books with a special device, putting together a database of those measurements and send it to a company which then made boxes for those books. In this time I worked trough about 4,000 books from 1460 to 1800, but mostly Incunables (printed between 1454 and 1500). It was great. The older the books were the more likely they were of theological kind of course, but some were among the greatest things I've ever seen, travel reports of the Caribbean or South East Asia and such.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.I wish more book adaptions were done in a mini-series type format like this. It's much easier to do it right when you don't have to cram all the content of a 500+ page book into a 2 hour movie.With the success of Game of Thrones, True Blood, and the rise of premium cable shows in general, I hope this trend continues. I think there are a lot of book series out there that would work great in this format. Dune comes to mind. Edit: Did not know about the SciFi network Dune miniseries. I'll have to check that out.mini-series type format like this 6 seasons? Yeah, that's a mini-series alright.They already own the rights to "Swamplandia!" and " A Visit From the Goon Squad" and Michael Chabon is writing a really interesting historical fantasy series called "Hobgoblin" so it appears HBO will keep up the trend of adaptation or hiring great novelists to write/create a series (personally I'd rather have an Amazing Adventures of Kavalier and Clay series, but I'm still excited for Chabon's project)
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.The recommendation from the book shop is dead on, regardless of your feelings about the book. The general Hollywood interpretation of Frankenstein's Monster is basically a zombie. The original character in the book is an intelligent being capable of reflecting on his existence and purpose, demonstrate emotion, and critically work out horrifying responses to his anger and pain. I found the book a very thought provoking study on the responsibilities a creator has to his creation and the consequences created when a creator abandon's those responsibilities... even if it is a bit wordy in getting the point across.I ready Shelly's Frankenstein for the first time this year. I was shocked at how thoughtful and eloquent the monster is in the book. It's 180 degrees different from the popular understanding (i.e. Hollywood version) of Frakenstein's monster."William, dear angel! this is thy funeral, this thy dirge!" and the entire seen surrounding this quote is one of the most powerful moments of literature I have ever experienced. Everything in that scene plays out like a panoramic in my mind. The other shocking thing about the book is that Shelley wrote it at age 19.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Some bands (or maybe it is the record labels that decide?) do this with vinyl. Buy the vinyl, get a free MP3 download. Works great for me as the consumer!The key difference is that it's much easier to make an MP3 from your physical copy. Making an eBook from the physical copy isn't hard, per se, but it is very time consuming, making consumers much less likely to go through the hassle of doing so.Vinyl usually is a good degree more expensive than CD or iTunes downloads though. Saying that I have a small collection myself with nothing to play them on because for ~£20 you are supporting the band (I will try to buy off the official stores or at gigs) and, most importantly for me you get some really beautiful artwork.Vinyl can be really good if done right. Sadly, it seems Vinyl is the new in-thing, making some records $20-$50 over the real cost. Unlike in the 60's, where it use to cost much less. Even with the extended factor of "Audiophile" really doesn't add to cost. HOWEVER, I bought expensive vinyls and they sound amazing, but I bought others and they sound like shit.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.I was supposed to go see him speak at Butler University in Indianapolis a week after he died. The city was proclaiming a holiday in his honor. His son Mark came and spoke for him. He read from the speech that KV had written for the occasion. It was moving and seemed as if he knew he was near the end. Mark almost broke down in several sections, especially the parts that talked about Mark himself. I don't remember a lot of lines from it, but the best was the opener. He wrote "My friends, I have good news and bad news. The bad news is that the aliens have come. The good news is that they eat homeless people and pee gasoline." When we laughed, it was like he was alive again in the room.Close on the quote. I found someone who transcribed it. "But seriously, my fellow Hoosiers, there’s good news and bad news tonight. This is the best of times and the worst of times. So what else is new? The bad news is that the Martians have landed in Manhattan and have checked in at the Waldorf Astoria. The good news is that they only eat homeless people of all colors, and they pee gasoline."
Always a lurker, Ive made an account just for this cuz I've seen miracles happen on this site. Yesterday I left a copy of "Welcome to the Monkey House" by Kurt Vonnegut in the seat pocket of an American Airlines plane. I was traveling from Dallas to Phoenix in seat 26B. This book is so special to me, as was my dad's from the 1960s. It's weathered and old and blue around the pages. Also special, I was using a Valentine my dad got in grade school as a book mark. I've called the lost and found at AA but they said it was long shot. I realize this is an even longer shot, but I figured I'd try. If anyone finds it, PM me. I will forever be your best friend. (Also, if there's a more appropriate sub reddit please let me know!)Speaking as a former flight attendant: After each flight the plane is cleaned either by contracted cleaners (usually at a hub like Dallas for American) or the crew (at outstations). They are primarily looking for trash, and often they don't catch things like books/magazines/e-readers after each flight, especially if they don't distort the seat pocket. So it's possible your book won't be found at your departure or arrival city. If I ever found something in a seat back pocket I would always turn it into the gate agent. If the passenger came back for it soon, the gate agent might have it at the podium, if not then it would probably be in the lost and found. However, I frequently found that some gate agents and flight attendants don't try very hard with books because they don't think the passengers care that much about them (because they infrequently come looking for them). Because of that, I'd often find a pile of left behind books and magazines on the plane that were kind of a communal library for the flight attendants and pilots to use. In case something like that has happened, you might try the following-- print up a sign/flyer explaining the situation (what you've lost, why it's important, and your contact info) and ask a ticket or gate agent if they can post the sign in the AA crew room, which is where flight attendants and pilots hang out between flights at an airport.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.If anyone's curious I made the donation. Also, if anyone's still curious, copies on Amazon are now going for $189. The book's web site: http://www.anakedsingularity.com/ What got me interested in the book: http://quarterlyconversation.com/a-naked-singularity-by-sergio-de-la-pava This might be my coolest experience as a reader.After you read it, you can sell it and come out $170 ahead. I think you just discovered the step before 4) profit.Now I want to read it too!copies on Amazon are now going for $189. Often the price is that. That's why you will see obscure books selling for ridiculous prices that increase over time. It seems to be a feedback loop bug in these systems, which are programmed to always set the price relative to the competitors... which also set theirs relative to their competitors.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Libraries are a large, government-funded buildings where people can just waltz in and take educational and entertainment materials for free. Even without copyright laws, this could never be implemented now. The concept would be deemed socialist and it would be villainized.Let's be clear that this is a problem endemic to the US and not many other countries. To wit, attempts to cut back public services in other countries are referred to as "austerity measures". In the US, they're referred to as "freedom from government intrusion!"Such a strange world we live in, when benefiting someone other than yourself is something to be ashamed of.I don't think the possibility of something like this should be brushed aside, it pays to be well aware of various corporate agendas. A couple of years ago the idea of something like SOPA passing was ridiculous and you would have been called a madman for making such a suggestion. Today that possibility exists.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Ok as much as I HATE stickers blocking stuff too, as a librarian it's often impossible to put a sticker/label/barcode somewhere without covering up something, especially when there is a designated location for said stickers. It sucks, but sometimes it has to be done.Former cataloguer here- inside of the back cover. Very rarely is anything printed there.I work in a library as well and barcode stickers are an unfortunate necessity. All of our stickers go in a specific corner of the item. This makes checking in and out so much more efficient than having to squeeze a sticker in wherever there's space and hunt for it each time. Small price to pay for free access to tens of thousands of books, imo. Doing things like this to books in bookstores is a different matter. I wouldn't want to pay for a book cover in stickers or worse... partly ripped off stickers.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.What put you on to it/how much did it cost to you to begin your foray into the hobby? Great work! I especially like the blue binding with the freehanded silver.Somebody put a simple photo tutorial on it here on reddit, and I googled it some more, and found a tutorial I liked and followed it. I have probably sunk 40 dollars into it now, with a number of supplies laying around the house that I didn't have to buy and still enough to make another 4 or so books. The most expensive, besides the snazzy rice paper, is the paper for the pages which is good cotton paper Ave is about 10 c a sheet.Have you used any sort of tutorials or anything that you could share? I've always wanted to try bookbinding, but never knew where to start. I especially love your water marbled bindings. Beautiful work =]I used http://www.jamiebutler.com/tutorials/bookbinding1.php for most of it, and for the headbanding
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.I never really got the appeal in outside reading. Tried it in different places, but the result was always similiar. Distractions. Noise, people, wind, bugs, unconfortable reading positions. I love reading during the night, when everything is quiet, sitting in a good chair and with a good reading light, or in the bed. Don't get me wrong, I love being outside, but I prefer to be with other people not books.It's difficult finding a nice spot, agreed - but I have this weird habit of moving from location to location while reading. Coffee shops in poor weather, parks in good.to me there is nothing better than outdoor reading. Especially reading in the sun.Best place I've ever done any reading (apart from home) was a bar, a really quiet and sombre place. It also helped that I was reading Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.I'm going to put my r/bookporn on r/books griping away for a moment to nod my head and say, "Fuck yeah, man. That is awesome." Fuck yeah, man. That is awesome. I'll bet those smell amazing.You don't even know.Alright, I get it. AllAn. My bad.Let's just say they may, depending on quality, be worth a pretty penny if this collection is in fact that same one. Complete Works of Edgar Allan Poe. 1902. Putnam, New York.That ABE link is to a G.P. Putnam and Sons edition, but the fifth pic shows Thomas Y. Crowell & Co as the publisher. Did some digging myself and . seems the best match, though it appears the set is actually complete in 17 volumes so there are a few missing. Individually they're selling for between $12 and $30, so the OP might be able to track down the ones he/she is missing.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Any idea why the term isn't used until the 6th edition? It's not like Darwin invented evolution—seriously. Darwin's achievement was to formulate a plausible explanation for the mechanism by which evolution is effected: namely, natural selection. Naturalists, by and large, did believe that there was such a thing as evolution, prior to Darwin; they just couldn't agree on what was the driving force behind it. P.S. Happy Birthday!Because the term then did not mean what it does now. Originally "evolution" just meant development, especially development that involves something unrolling or unfolding from a small package into a mature form. (It used to refer to unrolling of scrolls.) In science others had started used "evolution" a few decades earlier to refer to how species change their appearance over time, but that whole concept was still vague and the terminology for it was not fixed by Darwin's time. Also, in the previous century "evolution" had also been used for the homunuculus theory of embryological development (the theory that each sperm cell contains a fully formed microscopic human being) and so it carried a connotation of "developing toward perfection" or "toward a mature state" that Darwin really disliked. Anyway he preferred "descent with modification" and IIRC somewhere in there he also uses "transmutation," but eventually he had to bow to the prevailing winds.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Edit: Download links here if anyone wants to read it In 1924 an International Congress is held at Washington. Law passed prohibiting the use of aerial warships. Spain is first to violate the compact. The penalty is extermination from the face of the earth. Outstanding. Who needs Spain anyway? Edit again: Glancing through the full thing, this is my new favorite part: Washington. Mexico, Jan. 14. 1999. — The Transoceanic air-freighter Pontiac has been overdue at Vera Cruz for ten days. It is feared the ship has got snarled in the upper ether currents. As she has not been spoken by other air-ships it is probable she has drifted away from the influence of the earth's gravitation, and drawn into the orbit of some neighboring planet. It may land in Mars.He really hates Spain.Egads! These damnable ether currents will be the death of us yet!
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Though I missed your original post, I loved your article! Along with the spreadsheet, the fact that your father was on a first-name basis with the local librarians really shows how much a part of his daily life books were. I'm sorry that he passed so quickly after his diagnosis, and that he was unable to read in his last few weeks! P.S. It's awesome that HuffPost found you here! I'm very new to Reddit, and don't have much of an idea about how exactly it works, but it's only taken me a day to figure out just how influential and widely read it is.The Librarians actually sent a really nice condolences card to our family, calling him a member of the JV Brown Library Family. One of the librarians also saw the post on reddit and sent me a nice message. Since my Dad wasn't really a member of any group and he loved reading and the library, we're asking in his full obituary that all of the donations people wish to give in his name go the library. I know that they do a lot with all of the limited money they receive. :)Welcome to Reddit. You're doing it right!
Hello reddit, this post is about Carrie and her books. Carrie is the owner of Once Sold Tales, a book store 10 miles south of Seattle. Times have not been good to bookstores and Carrie is closing her store. She currently has about half a million books that she wants to find homes for. Because housing all these books is now costing more than she or her business can afford, Carrie is left with few options. If nothing is done, she will have to pulp all books left unsold. While there are many pounds of books, nobody wants that. I know reddit is (rightly so) critical of help requests. Money is not the goal of this post, rather, Carrie wants to get people reading again. If you live in the Seattle area and want to visit her warehouse, here is where you can find it: 22442 72nd Ave S, Kent, WA (Google maps link - http://goo.gl/maps/NQUYk ) Here is her website: http://www.oncesoldtales.com/ where you can order something to get shipped out. Here is a photo album: http://imgur.com/a/WnlQU Carrie will be operating her website and selling books at the warehouse (1$ for paperbacks, 2$ for hardback, or 1.50$/lb) until the end of May. If she can afford to go a bit longer, she will. She is going to be offering reddit a special deal if there is interest. I'd be lying if I said the idea wasn't mine. Details are still getting worked out but it looks like 10 dollars for 8 books or 18 for 16. Details forthcoming as well as how to actually make the order. (price includes all taxes and shipping for continental US, so the plan goes atm) (EDIT: Product being offered to reddit is a grab-bag, I don't believe titles can be chosen, most likely general categories. Please comment on what you would be looking for or what structure you think would work best) (EDIT2: More details for the grab bag are being requested. Specifically kids books. Since they are way lighter and the bag pricing is dictated by shipping costs (there is really little overhead sadly) a kids books selection would have way more books. No clue on specific. Stay tuned) (EDIT3 The reddit grab bag is not live yet. Purchases from the site are full price and there is not yet the opportunity to buy things super discounted online. Please, be patient, I am working with Carrie to get the electronic side of things figured out. I promise I won't leave people hanging) (EDIT4: I'm a moron. Thats pretty standard, but there is a Facebook page. www.facebook.com/OnceSoldTales ) (EDIT5: There are too many responses! Holy cow, and I thought I could reply to everyone :/. I need to get some rest, I have a job to get to in the morning, but I WILL be back and I WILL have more answers to more questions. This includes shipping internationally, options to donate money/books, and of course specifics for the reddit grab bag. Goodnight reddit, thanks for helping Carrie find a home for her books) FULL DISCLOSURE: I used to read books all the time and when I found out about what Carrie is going through, I wanted to help. I'm not getting paid and I'm not an employee. If you think my photos are a little too good, thank you! I am a hobbyist photographer and appreciate the compliment. If you think they suck, let me know why (might as well get better at it). Carrie is hard to get a hold of, but I will do my best to help answer questions, update the post with as much info as I can, and pass along anything you would like me to. The final act: http://www.reddit.com/r/books/comments/1fbjmh/500000_books_final_update_and_end_of_the_story/So you would be able to order 16 books for $18 online, any books, and that includes shipping? If so I will definitely be giving a good amount of books a new home.The plan is actually for a grab bag. I will edit that in but explain why. The system used for shelving books has no organization beyond <Books come in - Books get code - Books get shelved> Since the warehouse is now open to the public, things aren't getting reshelved properly (I know, it should be a crime) and pulling specific titles may not work. Give me some feedback, your suggestions can help influence what is offered since this is all still in the works.I agree and this would be really cool. I'm definitely interested, whatever the final deal may be.
I've just finished reading Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance. For anyone else who's read it, I am reminded now of the divide between "classical" minds, which appreciate underlying form, and "romantic" minds, which appreciate surface aesthetics. Both ways of thinking are legitimate, so possibly I'm wrong in posting this at all. But it seems intuitively the case to me that books are, pretty much by definition, about the underlying form of what's written in them, not so much the aesthetics. They could be printed on papyrus, electronic, free or ridiculously expensive, whatever, and it wouldn't be relevant to what is written in them.While we're on this, there seem to be a lot of people here who act as though reading is like weight-training. OH MAN I'M GONNA READ 30 BOOKS THIS MONTH LOOK AT MY LIST etc. You should be reading for enjoyment, or to learn, or for any other reason aside from "HEY MY EYES LOOKED AT A BUNCH OF WORDS, BEAT THAT".I read this whole post everybody. Every word of it!I was like this when I was younger, until one day I was looking at my 'read' shelf and couldn't remember a single thing about half the books I had supposedly read. Now, if it takes me a month to read a two hundred page book so be it.Hey, man, back off. I read 30 books a day, per hour.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.I love libraries as much as the next guy, but that analogy makes very little sense.Maybe if we had more libraries our analogies would make more sense!While the analogy is somewhat sensationalist I do agree with the intent. I work for a public library and our usage statistics are inverse to the economic health of the county. As things get worse we see increased usage across the board. From programs for children, to circulated materials, to computer and wireless usage, to reference questions, there are more people turning to the library. Most of our budget comes from property taxes which usually provides a steady and predictable amount of money. This time around we have a bit of a problem. Once someone stops paying their mortgage/gets foreclosed on there are no more property taxes paid until the house is sold. It has been an amazing struggle to provide for more people with much less money.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Where? How much? Congratulations on bringing down the big game.I read the books for the first time living in New York city in the big paperback format. Those copies are now living in Richmond with a dear friend. Several years later I wanted to go back through them and bought a set of first edition hardcovers. Then, one day a little over two years ago I was searching eBay for other hardcover copies of much loved books and chanced upon The Confusion. Won the auction for about $75 if I recall. The System of the World was last year, I think it was on Amazon through a small book store in the pacific northwest for around $90. Quicksilver is the hardest to find and almost always sells for near the list price of $200. I searched for it constantly. A perfect storm of a lucky google shopping search and a bonus from work secured me the last piece of the puzzle. It was little closer to list than I like to buy but the best discount I'd seen on Quicksilver since I started hunting them. I bit. They are mine now. I can't wait to read 'em.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.I thought he meant salitre, sodium and potassium salts whose crystals bloom out of the earth (saltpeter). It adds to the poetic tone, I think. Feel free to accept or not as you please. (wikipedia says: Sodium nitrate or the mineral Nitratine ... a component of fertilizers, explosives and solid rocket propellants; also a food preservative or Potassium nitrate, or the mineral Niter the critical oxidizing component of gun powder, and a food preservative)It's one and the same, Boeme used the word in a metaphorical sense - God as the fertilizer of the earth. The root is actually "salniter", which comes from "sal niter", (nitrous salt). Note also the connotations of gunpowder and urine, familiar if you've read Blood Meridian. http://books.google.ie/books?id=tBlGYuEh6CkC&pg=PA66&dq=salitter&hl=en&sa=X&ei=KLc2T8i1D8mEhQeu19iDAg&redir_esc=y#v=onepage&q=salitter&f=falseI have a tendency to read quickly and gloss over words that I don't recognize. Never stopping to look up the definition of a word, just relying on context to grasp the meaning. When I read The Road, I'm sure I did the exact same thing with "salitter" and assumed that it was just some type of liquid. I'm glad someone posted this link, because it really opened my eyes to the linguistic cleverness that I've surely missed out on.
My wife teaches a special program for kids deemed too "dangerous" to be on campus at a low-income title 1 high school. Her class consists of mostly freshman boys, and I thought Ender's Game would be a good book to get them interested in reading. Unfortunately her kids are pretty low on the pecking order so it's very hard to get school funds directed her way and she can't get a classroom set of books. If any of you have an old copy of Ender's Game (or any other books you can spare for that matter) laying around you can donate she would really appreciate it! Also, if you have any other suggestions of good books that might get this demographic interested in reading she'd love to hear them. Thanks! Please send any books to: PLUS Program El Cajon Valley High School 1035 E. Madison Ave. El Cajon, CA 92021 TLDR: Wife teaches the "Dangerous Minds" class at her high school and can use any old books you have laying around - especially :Ender's Game". EDIT: Her class is 20 kids (so I just need 20 copies) EDIT: Thanks for all the upboats! I think we may have enough Ender's Games - but any extras she gets will be donated to the school library and any other random books you send will be much appreciated (and hopefully well read ;) EDIT: Front page! Fact - Redditors are awesome. EDIT: I'm positive my wife (and all the local libraries) just got enough Ender's Games - however if you still would like to help these kids out there are a lot of fabulous suggestions for different books by other Redditors in the comments: The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian by Sherman Alexie, Monster by Walter Dean Myers, The Giver by Lois Lowry A big Thank You to all who commented and upvoted. My wife came home from work today where she had one of "her worst days ever" with fights, death threats, etc. and I showed her this post and she was moved to tears reading all your comments and seeing such generosity. So thanks again (you made me proud Reddit). w00t - the wife's a Redditor now - "iamtheteacherwife"Sending 4 used copies from Amazon.Thank you so much!!!screen name, irrelevant.Baby, you ain't bad news!Go to donorschoose.org. I got a class set of new books through that site within a few weeks of posting!Thanks! I just sent her that link.Great suggestion - thank you!!!
A book is made from a tree. It is an assemblage of flat, flexible parts (still called 'leaves') imprinted with dark pigmented squiggles. One glance at it and you hear the voice of another person - perhaps someone dead for thousands of years. Across the millennia, the author is speaking, clearly and silently, inside your head, directly to you. Writing is perhaps the greatest of human inventions, binding together people, citizens of distant epochs, who never knew one another. Books break the shackles of time, proof that humans can work magic. Cosmos by Carl Sagan.Thank you for not posting this as a picture of text with the guy Photoshopped against stars and the like.this is /r/books why would I post anything but text? :)Thankyou for not posting this as Carl Sagan sprawled across a floor covered in books, posing hasselhoff-style in a jeans and leather jacket. Wait that'd be awesome!What a great quote. Carl has (or had) a way with phrasing concepts that makes you feel grateful to be alive.There are far too few people out there who are eloquently and poetically expressing the scientific viewpoint. Sagan was one of those few, and because of that he has a special place in my heart.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.That's so thoughtful :)Lewis was so wise. I found The Screwtape Letters particularly affecting, full as it is of gems like this: If a man simply lets others pay for him, he is 'mean,' but if he boasts of it in a jocular manner and twits his fellows with having been scored off, he is no longer 'mean' but a comical fellow. Mere cowardice is shameful; cowardice boasted of with humorous exaggerations and grotesque gestures can be passed off as funny. Cruelty is shameful -- unless the cruel man can represent it as a practical joke. A thousand bawdy, or even blasphemous, jokes do not help towards a man's damnation so much as his discovery that almost anything he wants to do can be done, not only without the disapproval but with the admiration of his fellows, if only it can get itself treated as a Joke.I love his writing style. For some reason they fit so snug in my head.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.He's in good company r/Coolcoversthat is where this came from right? Am I missing something?For those of you who don't know, F. Scott Fitzgerald adored the original cover for The Great Gatsby. In fact, the cover wasn't even a part of the story, but Fitzgerald managed to weasel a way for it to be included. The cover of The Great Gatsby is among the most celebrated pieces of art in American literature. A little-known artist named Francis Cugat was commissioned to illustrate the book while Fitzgerald was in the midst of writing it. The cover was completed before the novel, with Fitzgerald so enamored of it that he told his publisher he had "written it into" the novel. Fitzgerald's remarks about incorporating the painting into the novel led to the interpretation that the eyes are reminiscent of those of Dr. T. J. Eckleburg (the novel's erstwhile optometrist on a faded commercial billboard near George Wilson's auto repair shop) which Fitzgerald described as "blue and gigantic — their retinas are one yard high. They look out of no face, but instead, from a pair of enormous yellow spectacles which pass over a non-existent nose." Although this passage has some resemblance to the painting, a closer explanation can be found in the description of Daisy Buchanan as the "girl whose disembodied face floated along the dark cornices and blinding signs".
I just finished reading the Hunger Games series and I can't stop sobbing. It's happened to me with other books, LOTR, Harry Potter, and others, but this just kills me. spoilers for the hunger games series below I don't know if that ending was supposed to be happy or something but it's left me a wreck. So much left unsaid, Gale going to 2 without a word. I don't understand what just happened. Part of it is how sad the ending was to me and the other part is the sadness that the series is over. I don't know why I feel such despair. It's 2am and I feel like the sun will never rise again. At least LOTR and HP had happy endings I guess. edit: Well it took like an hour and I'm thinking straight, but man that affected me.The Wheel of Time. I dedicated 12+ years of my life to this series. I don't think I've anticipated anything more than A Memory of Light, and like an idiot I burned through it in a couple of days. I couldn't stop myself. Then the sadness broke through like a post-mastubatory guilt. I still can't believe it's over. However, just like I did with the Dark Tower, I'll start the whole thing over again soon. Re-reading them knowing the ending may be even more fun. Plus, if the series is good, the journey vs the end yadda yadda... Edit: I am so happy to see so many fans of Randland! Thanks for all the comments. To anybody asking if they should read WoT, I can't answer that question. Everybody has their own experience with it. I have some friends that tried and couldn't get into it, and that is completely understandable. (Sacrilegious as it may be, I had this experience with Dune.) However, if you are a fan of strong character development and a rich, flushed out world that almost leaps off the pages, I would highly recommend it. Also, I rarely feel guilty after I masturbate. :) Edit 2: Shoutout to /u/karanj for mentioning r/WoT. Just in case anybody hasn't been there yet.
My favorite one is the WoT opening: "The Wheel of Time turns, and ages come and pass, leaving memories that become legend. Legends fade to myth, and even myth is long forgotten when the Age that gave it birth comes again. In one Age, called the third age by some, an Age yet to come, an age long pass, a wind rose in the Mountains of Mist. The wind was not the beginning. There are neither beginnings or endings to the turning of the Wheel of Time. But it was a beginning."Happy families are all alike; every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way. Leo Tolstoy, Anna KareninaOh...my favorite!!! EDIT: I see a lot of people asking about this book. I personally loved it but it is big and there are a TON of characters that appear and disappear. It is a lot to keep track of. True, it sometimes gets a bit tedious in its descriptions of local Russian politics, but there is a goldmine of goodness to be pilfered if you take the time to get through it."There was a boy called Eustace Clarence Scrubb, and he almost deserved it." C S Lewis, The Voyage of the Dawn Treader
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Well after reading this I just had to figure out what was going on - from the wikipedia page In the novel's commentary, Goldman writes that he added nothing to the "original" Morgenstern text, although he comments that he did write one original scene, a loving reunion between Buttercup and Westley, but claimed that his publisher objected to this addition.[5] He invited any reader who wanted to read the "Reunion Scene" to write to the publisher (formerly Harcourt Brace Jovanovich; now Random House) and request a copy. Many readers wrote in to the publisher and did receive a letter, but instead of an extra scene, the letter detailed the (obviously fictitious) legal problems that Goldman and his publishers encountered with the Morgenstern estate and its lawyer, Kermit Shog. This letter was revised and updated periodically; the 1987 revision mentioned the movie, while the 25th Anniversary Edition publishes the letter with an addendum about Kermit's lawyer granddaughter Carly. The 30th Anniversary Edition has a footnote at this point saying that you can now find the three pages of the reunion scene online. However, if one goes to the website detailed in the footnote, all they receive via email is the text of the three letters. I also thought the opening line from the Wikipedia page was interesting (bolding mine) -
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.From the morning I started reading The Road to that evening when I finished it, I knew I was experiencing art. Cheers, Cormac. You are a master.Most depressing book I've ever read. One of the best books I've ever read. I've re-read it again and again. I was so glad the movie with Viggo Mortensen did it justice.I would suggest checking out Blood Meridian if you would like to delve into some of McCarthy's other work. Blood Meridian is a challenging and dismal story of wanton destruction. When I finished it, my first thought was "wow, I need to read this again." Seriously, there's just so much crammed into that book, it will puzzle you for years!One of the very best books I've ever read. First time I read it I was snowed in my house sitting in front of a log fire all alone and it just seemed to fit perfectly with the book scenario. Loved every page of the book
He saw the trailer for the movie and really wants to see it. I figured he should read the book first so I gave it to him this evening and he couldn't put it down. It makes me so happy to see him getting to experience one of my childhood favorites for the first time. Edit: For everyone giving me a hard time for supporting a bigot (among other things) here is a quote frome Neil Gaiman: "If I were only allowed to read or enjoy art or listen to music made by people whose opinions and beliefs were the same as mine, I think the world would be a pretty dismal sort of a place." While I don't agree with the author, I can enjoy his work. You of course have the right to not support him. But please don't try to force your oppions on others. So please instead of negative comments try posting about sharing your love of books with someone you love. That is what my post is about after all. Edit 2: Thanks for the kind words from everyone! He's really enjoying it so far. Probably would have finished it already but he had to do homework first :)For all those interesting in picking up the book for the first time: DON'T WATCH THE TRAILERS. So many clips that the publicity team is releasing would be considered major spoilers in the original story.WARNING- my entire post is one long spoiler. I'm a bit late to the game, but hopefully maybe one person will see this, and I'll be able to change their mind about the movie being ruined by spoiling the ending... in the trailers... Sure, the clips do have spoilers, but someone who has not read the book will not know that. Also, if you haven't read the book more than once, I suggest you read it again. I don't mean that in a snippy, condescending way, but as a legitimate suggestion to read the book again. The main reason being that knowing the ending going into reading the book adds so much depth to the characters, particularly the adult characters, which absolutely changes the book, which is why it's such a classic, not only to children, but adults as well. [Spoiler](/s "Here are a few different examples of how the book changes with the amount of information about the ending known. The reader knows nothing.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Some people seem to believe that by owning a nook, I have burned all of my previous physical books and will never purchase a physical book again. And that I hate books.It's not an entirely false stereotype....for every book I've replaced with an e-copy, I've given away my paper copy.....sorry r/books.Wait, that isn't a requirement?! Now I feel silly for having had that massive book burning party after I received my Kindle. /sarcasmThis is so true. I feel like kicking a hole through the chests of these people. "It's not a book if you can't touch it." While I agree, feeling the pages in your hand is awesome, just because it is in eformat does not LESSEN it's value. Which is the idea, it's intellectual not MATERIAL.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.What is the Captain Underpants-esque book down there?Ook And Gluk! I noticed that too!! How is that, OP?Ook and Gluk were a present from my nephews. (They know I dig immature humor!)I know a lot of y'all are going to disagree with this; but this is the exact reason I love my tablet. I have so many books that I keep giving them away, then buying them again if I want to reread them (I'm on my fourth copy of hitch hikers guide). Now there's no more clutter, and everything is literally a tap away.Yep. When I moved after college my books were by far the biggest pain to get packed up and hauled around. Got a Kindle and now I actually read more than I used to because of the convenience, price and lack of need to store more books.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.What happens when it rains?They get wet. I think there are a couple of locations like this in Hay-On-Wye, but the one I remember contained many damp-swollen books. Hay-On-Wye is the British national centre of book resale, and they have an auction week there once a year. Alongside the auctioning of single volumes, they also sell many many boxes of assorted books, basically "10lbs assorted paperbacks", "15lbs assorted hardbacks", &c. They sell hundreds of lots like this. So the books you see left out like this are just the crap - sellers have bought books by the tonne (literally), shifted through them for the good stuff, and then leave these out for the tourists. Any book lover will find the town amazing - it has loads of book shops of all sizes, hugely in disproportion to its size. Hay is just a sleepy little market town in the middle of sheep-grazing country, and there are four-storey secondhand bookshops side-by-side, another on the next corner and the next.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.During the day it's a lovely and mellow spot to enjoy a pint and look through their amazing book collection. In the evening, it's a dressier sort of place with a great wine list and I seem to remember they were serving delicious cheese that night. We really enjoyed both facets of its personality the last time we were there..I'm pretty sure they don't have much of a wine list. Last time I was there, you had basically two wine options, three beer options, and a couple of cocktails (though I'm sure they'd make you what you wanted, within reason). Very small place, but really awesome and mellow. I certainly wouldn't call it dressier though. At least, not typically (last time I was there there was a giant shaggy dog hanging around).Sounds like a nice place.Ah, yeah, tucked right next to kells. Half the charm is that no one knows about it. No food, but if you get hungry, you can have pizza delivered. :)
So, people like to make lists; more importantly, they also like to criticize lists and fight over them. This is why lists are always the books one should read, or books that you must read before you die or the Top 50 Books of All Time. However, these lists are geared this way because it makes it easier to argue about a list, and to criticize it, not because it makes the list any more helpful. It's hard to argue with just a plain old helpful list. After all, there are many reasons (good or bad) to dispute whether Dickens deserves to be on the Top 50 All Time List (see my comment history), but it is nearly impossible to dispute a list that merely wants to be a list of books I have read that I think you all might enjoy if this is your sort of thing. This explains a lack of this kind of list: we can't fight over a list like this, and if we can't fight over something then why talk about it at all? However, this might be the most needed kind of list. After all, if I am looking for a good book I don't need a list of the best authors of all time. I already know who Shakespeare is, and I have already rejected him as a candidate for my next reading adventure. What I need is a list of books that are also good, but not typically very well known. This means that a list like this cannot, as a matter of first principals, be a list of the best. So, this list will have the dual advantage of being helpful, and will generate a less argumentative response. So, without any more rambling on my part, I give you: Sartorialconundrum's list of twelve books that might help you change the way you think about things. The idea behind this list is that each of them take a different view than the established ideology in their field, or they take on a myth that we have come to take for granted in our way of thinking, or they are stories that don't quite follow a traditional character arc. The books cover politics, history, science, economics, literature, and journalism. The Structure of Scientific Revolutions, by Thomas Khun. The Golden Bough, by Sir George James Frazier. The Assault, by Harry Mulisch The Skeptic, A Life of H.L. Mencken, by Terry Teachout. America's Great Depression, by Murray Rothbard. The Republic, by Plato. The God of Small Things, by Arundati Roy. Financial Reckoning Day, by Bill Bonner and Addison Wiggin. Selected Poems, by Ranier Maria Rilke. Lanark, by Alasdair Gray. Orlando, by Virginia Woolf. The Dangling Man, by Saul Bellow. Everything is this list is a little off. Some you might never have heard of (Lanark), others are lesser-known works by well known authors (Orlando). Others are monumental works, but in a field you might not be acquainted with (how many people in here are well-versed in Anglo-American Analytic philosophy?). One is a lesser known poet from Bohemian Paris that most people don't read because his contemporaries out-shined him (Rilke). One is a recent bestselling novel that I chose because the author looks at her heritage differently than any other author I have read (Roy). One novel treats tragedy differently than most would (The Assault), while another deals with ambiguity in modern life (The Dangling Man). If you are looking for something different, I recommend any of the above. Regards, Sartorial Conundrum. Edit: As one comment corrected me, I accidently wrote down the blog name instead of the book title. Financial Reckoning Day is a literary/historical approach to economics/investing, The Daily Reckoning is the blog that came of it. PS I am glad this got such a good response. I would like to see more of this collaboration. Arguing over what is in the canon is boring. Talking about books is not boring. Lastly, I promised an explanation for why I recommend all of these books, I.E., how they changed my mind. Right now it is late, I am tired, and I have a bottle of Dewars. I will leave the exegesis for tomorrow. Good Night!It would help if you explained how each of these changed your thinking.For example, here's something I wrote in response to another post: All these books, to one degree or another, taught me that I should be thinking for myself: Camille Paglia's Sex, Art, and American Culture and Vamps and Tramps showed me how to be passionately engaged with the arts. David Mamet's True and False and Three Uses of the Knife are written for actors/dramatists, but he's really writing short, pithy manuals for life. Robert McKee's Story is the best book of literary criticism I've ever read. Your English teacher may know a ton about theme, symbol, and metaphor, but he/she knows next to nothing about the craft and principles of storytelling. Nicholas Nassim Taleb's The Black Swan, a modern explication of skeptical empiricism, i.e. why we should distrust experts and even ourselves. Orwell's Essays taught me to distrust politicians and those seeking power.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.‘At a time when we have a childhood obesity epidemic this is clearly an inappropriate marketing strategy. I don't think this guy gets it. People are going to get Happy Meals for their kids regardless; how is them getting a book instead of a piece of useless plastic an evil corporate marketing scheme?People are going to get Happy Meals regardless, but this is still marketing. This whole thing McDonalds are doing in the UK (not sure if it's the same in the US) of tossing out the whole red/white plastic Ronald McDonald interior and replacing it with a more artsy-looking layout, moving their advertisements away from getting kids excited about the toys towards attempting to show how their food is now healthier and better quality than the fatty, unhealthy greasy stuff you'd associate with them, and now giving out books instead of Happy Meals, it's almost trying to reinvent themselves, cast off the image of the garish kid's fast food place and be seen as a very upmarket yet cheap place to eat. I'm not saying it's bad or good (and the book thing is awesome - I fucking loved Michael Morpugo when I was a kid), but what I am saying is that it an entire marketing drive to make people see McDonalds as a place to eat, with a really nice interior, with more upmarket food than just a greasy burger in a wrapper, a place that promotes healthy eating and reading amongst children. To make people stop seeing McDonalds as an unhealthy fast food restaurant, and start seeing it as a restaurant, one that it's healthy to visit often. And that's what he's worried about. Because at heart, it's still McDonalds.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Every single "must have" list I see contains at least 33% of books I haven't read, and a few I've never heard of. It's always nice to see what other people like. Huzzah for the inclusion of Where the Sidewalk ends, though it seems wrong to deprive a child of A Light in the Attic. I still know so many of those poems by heart. I got Oh The Places You'll Go as a graduation present. I think that's somewhat traditional, but it really was one of the most thoughtful gifts I've ever received.For my high school graduation my parents got me Oh, The Places You'll Go and wrote little notes on a bunch of the pages. It is a book I still treasure and look back at when I'm feeling worthless.On my half awake days I still recall, 'If you're not here, please raise your hand. I'll explain if you understand.'
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Bugger bugger fuck and bugger... :( He's such a lovely person and a brilliant writer. I just discovered him recently too. Fuck cancer...Thanks a lot for posting the text. I was going through the beginning stages of divorce a couple years ago and was despondent to almost everything. I had a copy of Steep Approach to Garbadale lying around that I'd gotten as one of my last presents from my ex and I read it for really no particular reason that I can think of. I'm not going to say that it completely turned things around or that it was what stopped me from jumping out the window (that was someone holding on to my leg), but the simple clear representation of humanity in that story made me feel connected to someone at a time when I would have otherwise felt completely alone. God bless you Ian Banks. You did the best that anyone could hope to do with your talent. You explained and you explained well. I'm going to miss you.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Makes perfect sense - as has been discussed ad infinitum across multiple threads in here in the past. For a start Amazon can set the price at which they sell Hardcovers, Paperbacks and Flipbooks - If Amazon want to sell a Hardcover at a loss, that's their decision to make. So for example the next J.K. Rowling book? The hardcover will likely be sold at a loss. That's not the case with eBooks. Amazon and other retailers are bound by what's known as the Agency Model. Basically they're merely third party retailers - the publisher dictates the minimum price at which the book can be sold. So if Rowlings publisher decides the eBook has to be sold at £/$19.99? That's the price Amazon are legally obligated to sell it, even if they discount the hardcover to £/$9.99 Blame the publishers - and depending on your own thoughts, Apple. Edit: Before the downvoting brigade arrive. It doesn't help that you didn't post the title of the book in question. Typically if you goto the Kindle Edition page you'll see the text "This Price Set by the Publisher" or something along those lines; thus answering your question.
I was really sad when I learned that Brian Jacques passed away a few years back. His books were the first full sized books I read as a child and I think it taught a lot of good life lessons. Its' really a great series for younger kids to read and it really bums me out he won't be writing any more, he was a real upstanding fellow and visited children's hospitals to read his books. Anyways, just leaving this post here to see if there are any other redwall fans and to suggest this series to anyone with kids, lots of lessons and morals to be learned and you can jump in on any of the books without needing to know what happened before. EDIT: The thread hit frontpage, glad to see so many fans of Redwall on reddit!I loved how he would describe the feasts they had. All the fruit tarts and tasty vittles, I had to have a snack when reading to ease the torture. Mattimeo was probably my favorite.Or how he would describe the wines and daiquiris and other drinks. Or the cheeses... oh man. I remember one scene where he perfectly described the method the hedgehogs used to create their cheeses. One of the cheese wheels they were rolling out for a feast in Red Wall had been carefully filled with slow roasted hazelnuts and mild spices. Apparently the aroma made many a fury nose poke up while it was being wheeled down the hall. Vittles, man.He makes George R.R. Martin look like an amateur.Fuck, half the time I'd never heard of the foods he was talking about and it still made me hungry. If I was reading around dinnertime and got to a feast section I'd stop and wait to read it at dinner
