Man is hungry. He steal bread to feed family. Get home, find all family have gone Siberia! “More bread for me,” man think. But bread have worm. Man car break down near house of farmer. Take shelter in barn. Find farmer daughter in barn. Oh! Hot stuff! But TOO LATE! Is already rape by soldier. Latvian walk into bar with mule. Bartender say, “Why so long face?” Latvian say, “I was thinking of my daughter. She has been lie with soldier for potato feed baby. “ Three Latvian are brag about sons. “My son is soldier. He have rape as many women as want,” say first Latvian. “Zo?” second say, “My son is farmer. He have all potato he want!” Third Latvian wait long time, then say, “My son is die at birth. For him, struggle is over.” “Wow! You are win us,” say others. But all are feel sad. Q : What are one potato say other potato? A : Premise ridiculous. Who have two potato? Q : How many Latvian is take screw in light bulb? A : 25. One screw in, 24 ride bicycle generator for 1-hour shift. But time probably better spend search food. Q: What is happening if you cross Latvian and potato? A: This is cruel joke. please, no more.Two Latvian look at clouds. One see potato. Other see impossible dream. Is same cloud.Two Latvian look at clouds. Whole sky is clouds. Weather is bad. Latvian are cold.http://i.imgur.com/OgOyMlw.jpgIs joke from Latvia. I tell now. Joke: Latvian try to cross river. Has dog, potatoes, and dead son's body. Can only take two across river at one time. If he leave dog with potatoes or corpse, dog eat them. Is very sad. Also is not good boat.
Two Jewish guys are walking when one notices a sign on a Catholic church that says "Convert to Christianity, and we'll give you $100." The one says to the other, "should we do it??" The other says "NO!! Are you crazy?" The first guy replies "Hey, a hundred dollars is a hundred dollars... I'm gonna do it." So he walks in to the church, and little while later, he walks back out. The friend says "well, did you get the money?" He replies "Oh that's all you people think about, isn't it??"I'm Jewish, and here's my favorite Jewish joke: Two beggars are sitting on a sidewalk in Rome. One is wearing a large cross, and has a picture of the Virgin Mary. The other is wearing a kippah and tzitzit, and has a beard and side curls. The first is getting tons of money, but the second is hardly getting any. A priest comes to the second beggar, and says "you know, you'd probably get more money if you weren't so openly Jewish. People see the two of you, and choose to support their religion by giving to the Christian beggar." The first beggar turns to the second and says "Hey, look who's trying to teach the Goldstein brothers marketing" Here's another: A man walks into a coffee shop in 1930's Berlin and sees his Rabbi reading Der Sturmer. He's shocked, and says "Rabbi, why on earth are you reading Nazi propaganda?" He explains "you see, when I read the Jewish press, we're having our rights taken away, our stores boycotted and broken into, and our kids kicked out of school. But in der sturmer, we're in control of everything! It's great!"
There are 3 Spies that get captured. One spy is French, one is German and the other is Italian. Their captors come into the cell and grab the French spy and tie his hands behind a chair in the next room. They torture him for 2 hours before he answers all questions and gives up all of his secrets. The captors throw the French spy back into the cell and grab the German spy. They tie his hands behind the chair as well and torture him for 4 hours before he tells them what they want to know. They throw him back into the cell and grab the Italian spy. They tie his hands behind the chair and begin torturing. 4 hours go by and the spy isn't talking. Then 8 hours, then 16 and after 24 hours they give up and throw him back into the cell. The German and French spy are impressed and ask him how he managed to not talk. The Italian spy responds, " I wanted to!, but I couldn't move my hands!". EDIT: Glad everyone likes this joke. I want to give credit to a great friend of mine named Ron who told it to me.Watching Italy in the Euro games is like watching stereotypes in real time.https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=krtnt191Drg#t=17sUpvotes for you. And pizza.haha i could use that pizza right about nowUpvotes for Ron. All OP did was type it out. :)Reminds me of a joke I heard when I was in Italy: Two old Italian friends are walking and talking on a cold winter day. One of them is excitedly going on about his work, family, and life in general. The other friend just listens intently. This goes on for a while until the talkative one stops and says, "My friend! You haven't said a word since we left the house! Is everything okay?", to which the quiet one replies, "Oh, sorry, yes, I've just forgotten my gloves."
A lost dog strays into a jungle. A lion sees this from a distance and says with caution "this guy looks edible, never seen his kind before". So the lion starts rushing towards the dog with menace. The dog notices and starts to panic but as he's about to run he sees some bones next to him and gets an idea and says loudly "mmm...that was some good lion meat!". The lion abruptly stops and says " woah! This guy seems tougher then he looks, I better leave while I can". Over by the tree top, a monkey witnessed everything. Evidently, the monkey realizes the he can benefit from this situation by telling the lion and getting something in return. So the monkey proceeds to tell the lion what really happened and the lion says angrily "get on my back, we'll get him together". So they start rushing back to the dog. The dog sees them and realized what happened and starts to panic even more. He then gets another idea and shouts "where the hell is that monkey! I told him to bring me another lion an hour ago..."i wish animals could talk :(In case you have a genie and your wish comes true, my sheep is god damn liar, don't believe anything she says.I'm hungry. I'm hungry. I'm hungry. I'm hungry. I'm hungry. I'm hungry. I'm hungry. I'm hungry. I'm hungry. I'm hungry. Mmmm, food. I'm horny, I'm horny, I'm horny, I'm horny...Man, don't we all...Humans are animals. We talk!I'm glad animals can't talk or the secret of me rubbing my balls down with peanut butter and making my dog lick off every drop and finishing into my sister's sock might be announced to the whole world.
when a lizard walks up and says "Hey koala what are you doing?" The koala answers "Smoking a joint, come up and have some." The lizard climbs up and the two share the joint. After a while the lizard says his mouth is dry and excuses himself to a nearby river to have a drink. The lizard, so stoned, leans over too far and falls in. A crocodile swims out to rescue him. When they get onto dry land, the croc asks, "What's wrong with you, lizard?" The lizard tells him that he was smoking a joint with a koala, and he got too stoned and fell in while taking a drink. The croc has to see this for himself, so he asks the lizard to take him to the koala. When they get back to the tree, the croc looks up at the koala and says "Hey, you." The koala looks down and says "Shiiiit dude, how much water did you drink?"I have to rate this joke as my favorite of all time. Not because it is, but because it gave me a moment to cherish forever. I saw this joke on Reddit last year for the first time. A week or so later, I drove the 250 miles to visit with my little brother at his home. I told him the joke, as we always did, by saying, "Here's one I heard/read the other day". You see, my little brother (aged 55 years) had just bounced back from near death from stage four emphysema. We thought he was gone for sure, but he stunned us in his recovery. He was doing 'well', as best that his condition allowed, when I shared this joke with him. Never have I heard him laugh so hard. I thought he was gonna break rib. And even a few days before he died (July 22), he would look at me and say, "Dude...how much water did you drink?" and give me a smile as he 'giggled' in his diminished breathing capacity. Yeah. It's now the 'best' joke I know. Thanks, Reddit r/jokes. :-)He was clearly very important to you. It's awesome you guys had such a good connection to hold on to. Sorry for your loss my friend.
...are sharing a compartment on a train as it winds its way through the Alps. Every now and then the train passes through a tunnel, during which time the compartment is plunged into complete darkness. On one such occasion, a ringing slap is heard and as the train passes back into daylight, the Frenchman is rubbing his sore, red cheek. The brunette thinks 'I bet that dirty Frenchman fondled the blonde and she struck the pervert.' The blonde thinks 'I bet that filthy Frenchman was looking to grope me in the dark, mistook the dowdy brunette for me and she slapped the beast.' The Frenchman thinks 'I bet that perfidious Englishman touched up the blonde in the dark and she slapped me by mistake.' The Englishman thinks 'I can't wait for another tunnel so I can slap that French twat again.'I saw a video of an alternate form of this joke set in an eastern European country. Replace the Englishman for a low-level officer, the Frenchman for a general, the homely brunette for an elderly, glowering woman and the blond with the glowering woman's cute daughter.Reminds me of a similar scene in Eurotrip.This was on r/Canada with provinces and the Rocky mountainsTIL that Canada is not a communist country that blocks reddit.This same joke was on the front page of r/jokes a week or two ago, but with other nationalities... can't remember which ones...
... and he's wearing an expensive, expertly tailored black suit. The mortician asks the deceased's wife how she would like the body dressed, pointing out that the man does look good in the black suit he is already wearing. The widow, however, says that she always thought her husband looked his best in blue, and that she wants him in a blue suit. She gives the mortician a blank check and says, 'I don't care what it costs, but please have my husband in a blue suit for the viewing.' The woman returns the next day and to her delight, she finds her husband dressed in a gorgeous blue suit with a subtle chalk stripe; the suit fits him perfectly. She says to the mortician, 'Whatever this cost, I'm very satisfied.. You did an excellent job and I'm very grateful. How much did you spend?' To her astonishment, the mortician presents her with the blank check, 'There's no charge.' 'No, really, I must compensate you for the cost of that exquisite blue suit,' she says. 'Honestly, ma'am,' the mortician says, 'it cost nothing. You see, a deceased gentleman of about your husband's size was brought in shortly after you left yesterday, and he was wearing an attractive blue suit. I asked his wife if she minded him going to his grave wearing a black suit instead, and she said it made no difference as long as he looked nice.' 'So I just switched the heads.'I remember this one from the "Aaaahhhhhh" section in "Scary Stories To Tell In The Dark." This was one of my favorites.My favorite childhood books. I knew I recognized this story from somewhere! By the way - the illustrations in those books still haunt my dreams. I'll never forget the drawing of the "wolf girl". Just remembering that one creeps me out, for whatever reason it stands out as the most disturbing drawing in all of those books.This is a scary story? Does that make Faceoff a horror movie?How the hell was that story supposed to be scary?
A male patient is lying in bed in the hospital, wearing an oxygen mask over his mouth and nose. A young student nurse appears and gives him a partial sponge bath. "Nurse,"' he mumbles from behind the mask, "are my testicles black?" Embarrassed, the young nurse replies, "I don't know, Sir. I'm only here to wash your upper body and feet." He struggles to ask again, "Nurse, please check for me. Are my testicles black?" Concerned that he might elevate his blood pressure and heart rate from worrying about his testicles, she overcomes her embarrassment and pulls back the covers. She raises his gown, holds his manhood in one hand and his testicles in the other. She looks very closely and says, "There's nothing wrong with them, Sir. They look fine." The man slowly pulls off his oxygen mask, smiles at her, and says very slowly, "Thank you very much. That was wonderful. Now listen very, very closely: Are - my - test - results - back?"George W. Bush spoke at my school and told this joke, did a pretty good job with it too. Best part was, he said it was his dad.I've head W tell this joke before as well, saying it was his dad."I'm George Bush Sr. and I approve this message"True Story: Elderly female patient comes into the ER complaining of intermittent periods of dyspnea. The doctor holds a stethoscope to the patients chest and states "Big breath". The patient looks at the doctor smiling and says "They used to be".I think you mis-spelled "very old doctor joke".
She was a very good-looking woman and determined to keep the ranch, but knew very little about ranching, so she decided to place an ad in the newspaper for a ranch hand. Two cowboys applied for the job. One was gay and the other a drunk. She thought long and hard about it, and when no one else applied she decided to hire the gay guy, figuring it would be safer to have him around the house than the drunk. He proved to be a hard worker who put in long hours every day and knew a lot about ranching. For weeks, the two of them worked, and the ranch was doing very well. Then one day, the rancher's widow said to the hired hand, "You have done a really good job, and the ranch looks great. You should go into town and kick up your heels." The hired hand readily agreed and went into town one Saturday night. One o'clock came, however, and he didn't return. Two o'clock and no hired hand. Finally he returned a round two-thirty, and upon entering the room, he found the rancher's widow sitting by the fireplace with a glass of wine, waiting for him. She quietly called him over to her.. "Unbutton my blouse and take it off," she said. Trembling, he did as she directed. "Now take off my boots." He did as she asked, ever so slowly.. "Now take off my socks." He removed each gently and placed them neatly by her boots. "Now take off my skirt." He slowly unbuttoned it, constantly watching her eyes in the fire light. "Now take off my bra.." Again, with trembling hands, he did as he was told and dropped it to the floor. Then she looked at him and said, "If you ever wear my clothes into town again, you're fired."I've heard variations of this joke before, but the set up here was brilliant.it was published in playboy verbatim about 10 years ago. i remember it wellI think it's funnier in first person. "My wife came in the bedroom last night, and looked me in the eye and she said, 'Take off my skirt.'" Etc.My favorite variation of this that my wife hated. The entire day I couldn't stop thinking about how I wanted to go home and take off my wife's clothes. They are way too small for me and it was really uncomfortable.
She puts on her robe and goes downstairs to look for him. She finds him sitting at the kitchen table with a cup of hot cocoa in front of him. He appears to be in deep thought, just staring at the wall. She watches as he wipes away a tear from his eye. "What's the matter, dear?" she whispers as she steps into the room.... "Why are you down here at this time of night!?" The husband looks up from his drink, "It's the 20th Anniversary of the day we met." She can't believe he has remembered and starts to tear up. The husband continues, "Do you remember 20 years ago when we started dating? I was 18 and you were only 15," he said solemnly. Once again, the wife is touched to tears thinking that her husband is so caring and sensitive. "Yes, I do" she replies. The husband pauses....... The words were not coming easily. "Do you remember when your father caught us in the back seat of my car?" "Yes, I remember" said the wife, lowering herself into a chair beside him. The husband continued. "Do you remember when he shoved the shotgun in my face and said, Either you marry my daughter or I will make sure you spend the next 20 years in prison?" "I remember that, too" she replied softly... He sighed as he wiped another tear away from his cheek and said, "I would have gotten out today."As my friend often quotes about his dissolved marriage "If I'd killed her the first time I thought about it, I'd be out of prison by now."She puts on her robe and wizard hat...And stomps the ground and snorts like a Rhinocerus.Shit, i gotta write down your screennames...ah the memoriesI pop like 16 boners.
A guy comes up to him in the bar one day and says, "Are you the guy who charges $1000 a bullet?" "Yup." "What if you miss?" He looks at the man, deadly serious. "I don't miss..." "Okay, we'll I've got $2000 here. I just found out my wife is having an affair with my best friend. They're at the motel together right now." "Let's go," the assassin says. So they drive to a store across the street from the motel and climb up on the roof. The assassin takes out his rifle and attaches the scope. "They're in room 21. I want you to shoot her in the head, and I want you to blow his dick off." The assassin looks through his scope. He keeps staring for several minutes, not taking the shot. "Well? What are you waiting for!?" the husband asks. "Hold on two more minutes. I think I can save you $1000."That sounds like the nicest assassin I'd ever want to hire.$1000 is pretty cheap tooHe doesn't do it for the money, he does it for the job satisfaction.What a guy!You know... that would make for a really memorable movie scene.What actor do you think could pull it off ?
... was so depressed that she decided to end her life by throwing herself into the ocean. She went down to the docks and was about to leap into the frigid water when a handsome young sailor saw her tottering on the edge of the pier, crying. He took pity on her and said, "Look, you have so much to live for. I'm off to Europe in the morning, and if you like, I can stow you away on my ship. I'll take good care of you and bring you food every day." Moving closer, he slipped his arm around her shoulder and added, "I'll keep you happy, and you'll keep me happy." The girl nodded yes. After all, what did she have to lose? Perhaps a fresh start in Europe would give her life new meaning. That night, the sailor brought her aboard and hid her in a lifeboat. From then on, every night he brought her three sandwiches and a piece of fruit, and they made passionate love until dawn. Three weeks later, during a routine inspection, she was discovered by the captain. "What are you doing here?" the captain asked. "I have an arrangement with one of the sailors," she explained. "I get food and a trip to Europe, and he's screwing me." "He certainly is," the captain said. "This is the Staten Island Ferry."I'm willing to bet this could happen IRL.it did. i fucked a girl that i stowed in a ferry, AMAThe worst thing about this isn't that she was tricked into thinking she was going to Europe. It's that she was (albeit unknowingly) going to Staten Island every day. tl;dr fuck Staten Island.Staten Islander here, I agree. Fuck Staten Island.
And ends up standing in front of the pearly gates. Saint Peter looks at him for a second, flicks through his book, and finds his name. "So, you're a politician..." "Well, yes, is that a problem?" "Oh no, no problem. But we've recently adopted a new system for people in your line of work, and unfortunately you will have to spend a day in Hell. After that however, you're free to choose where you want to spend eternity!" "Wait, I have to spend a day in Hell??" says the politician. "Them's the rules" Says St Peter, clicks his fingers, and WOOMPH, the guy dissapears... And awakes, curled up with his hands over his eyes, knowing he's in Hell. Cautiously, he listens for the screams, sniffs the air for brimstone, and finds... Nothing. Just the smell of, is that fabric softener? And cut grass, this can't be right? "Open your eyes!" says a voice. "C'mon, wakey wakey, we've only got 24 hours!". Nervously, he uncovers his eyes, looks around, and sees he's in a hotel room. A nice one too. Wait, this is a penthouse suite... And there's a smiling man in a suit, holding a martini. "Who are you??" The politician asks. "Well, I'm Satan!" says the man, handing him the drink and helping him to his feet. "Welcome to Hell!" "Wait, this is Hell? But... Where's all the pain and suffering?" he asks. Satan throws him a wink. "Oh, we've been a bit mis-represented over the years, it's a long story. Anyway, this is your room! The minibar is of course free, as is the room service, there's extra towels next to the hot-tub, and if you need anything, just call reception. But enough of this! It's a beautiful day, and if you'd care to look outside..." Slightly stunned by the opulent surroundings, the man wanders over to the floor-to-ceiling windows through which the sun is glowing, looks far down, and sees a group of people cheering and waving at him from a golf course. "It's one of 5 pro-level courses on site, and there's another 6 just a few minutes drive out past the beach and harbour!" says Satan, answering his unasked question. So they head down in the lift, walk out through the glittering lobby where everyone waves and welcomes the man, as Satan signs autographs and cherrily talks shop with the laughing staff. And as he walks out, he sees the group on the golf course are made up of every one of his old friends, people he's admired for years but never met or worked with, and people whose work he's admired but died long before his career started. And out of the middle of this group walks his wife, with a massive smile and the body she had when she was 20, who throws her arms around him and plants a delicate kiss on his cheek. Everyone cheers and applauds, and as they slap him on the back and trade jokes, his worst enemy arrives, as a 2 foot tall goblin-esque caddy. He spends the day in the bright sunshine on the course, having the time of his life laughing at jokes and carrying important discussions, putting the world to rights with his friends while holding his delighted wife next to him as she gazes lovingly at him. Later, they return to the hotel for dinner and have an enormous meal, perfectly cooked, which descends into a food-fight when someone accidentally throws a bread roll at the next table (where Ghandi is having a game of truth-or-dare with Marylin Monroe). As everyone is falling about laughing and flinging breadsticks at each other, his wife whispers in his ear... And they return to their penthouse suite, and spend the rest of the night making love like they did on their honeymoon. After 6 hours of intense passion, the man falls deep into the 100% Egyptian cotton pillows, and falls into a deep and happy sleep... And is woken up by St Peter. "So, that was Hell. Wasn't what you were expecting, I bet?" "No sir!" says the man. "So then" says St Peter "you can make your choice. It's Hell, which you saw, or Heaven, which has choral singing, talking to God, white robes, and so on". "Well... I know this sounds strange, but on balance, I think I'd prefer Hell" says the politician. "Not a problem, we totally understand! Enjoy!" Says St Peter, and clicks his fingers again. The man wakes up in total darkness, the stench of ammonia filling the air and distant screams the only noise. As he adjusts, he can see the only light is from belches of flame far away, illuminating the ragged remains of people being tortured or burning in a sulphurous ocean. A sudden bolt of lightning reveals Satan next to him, wearing the same suit as before and grinning, holding a soldering iron in one hand and a coil of razor-wire in the other. "What's this??" He cries. "Where's the hotel?? Where's my wife??? Where's the minibar, the golf-courses, the pool, the restaurant, the free drinks and the sunshine???" "Ah", says Satan. "You see, yesterday, we were campaigning. But today, you voted..."To people complaining about the length of the joke: You can shorten it or lengthen it as much as you like. That big paragraph in the middle is really just a description of how perfect Hell seems. You could cut it down to "He goes to hell for a day and finds it's not so bad", but that wouldn't provide a whole lot of narrative. It's all about balance and how patient your audience is feeling.See, but the thing is there's the build-up, which makes the impact of the punchline that much better. Some would argue that there's too much, but I think that the joke had just the right amount of description.What I did, hahaOuch. Right in the irony.
A bus carrying only ugly people crashes into an oncoming truck, and everyone inside dies. They then get to meet their maker, and because of the grief they have experienced; He decides to grant them one wish each, before they enter Paradise. They're all lined up, and God asks the first one what the wish is. "I want to be gorgeous," and so God snaps His fingers, and it is done. The second one in line hears this and says "I want to be gorgeous too." Another snap of His fingers and the wish is granted. This goes on for a while but when God is halfway down the line, the last guy in line starts laughing. When there are only ten people left, this guy is rolling on the floor, laughing. Finally, God reaches this guy and asks him what his wish will be. The guy calms down and says: " Make 'em all ugly again."A bear and a squirrel were walking through the forest when the stumbled on a magic frog who said he would grant them both three wishes. The bear goes first. "I wish all the bears in the forest besides me were female" said the bear. "Then I'd get laid all the time." "It is so." Said the frog, and all the bears in the forest besides him were female. The squirrel goes next. "I wish for a motorcycle." He said. "It is so." replied the frog, and a motorcycles appeared. The bear went next with his second wish. "I wish all the bears in all the neighboring forests were female." "It is so" said the frog. Then the squirrel. "I wish for a helmet." The frog waved his hand and a helmet appeared for the squirrel. Then the bear had his last wish. "Okay, why not?" He says. "I wish all the bears in the world, besides me were female." "It is so." Said the frog, and he made it happen. He turned to the squirrel and asked "What is your third and final wish?" The squirrel shouted "I wish the bear was gay!" and he hopped on his motorcycle and drove off.I'm just glad the squirrel had the foresight to wish for a helmet. Safety first, kids!
... after talking to her for a bit, he asks her, "Alright. Enough talk. How much is it gonna cost me for a handjob?" "$50," She says. "$50 for a handjob? You've got to be kidding me!" He replies. "Come over here," She says. "See that car outside?" She points to the window. He looks out, and sees a brand new sports car. "Wow, that looks pretty expensive." He says. "I bought that purely off $50 handjobs." She replies. The man thinks to himself, "Hell, they must be pretty good." So he gives her $50, and sure enough, best one he's ever had. He goes back the next night and finds her again. After a few drinks he says, "Alright. That handjob last night was pretty good. How much for a blowjob?" "$500." She says. "$500? That's fucking ridiculous." The man replies. "Come here. See that house on the hill?" she says. So the man comes over, and looks out the window. Outside on the hill, he sees an immaculate mansion. Easily more than 20 rooms. "Wow, that looks extremely expensive." he says. "I bought that off of $500 blowjobs." she says. So following suit, the man gives her $500, and sure enough, it's the best blowjob of his entire life. On the third night, he returns once more. "Alright," He says. "No more playing around. How much is it gonna cost for some pussy?" She replies, "Hell, if I had a pussy I'd own this town!"Nice. I was not expecting that ending. Thank you for the chuckle OP.That's what you call a BROjobI know it with a different ending: After he receives an incredible blowjob he comes back once more. "That blowjob was the best I've ever had, no matter what it costs, I want some old fashioned intercourse tonight!" The escort gets up, drags the man to the window facing the harbor and points to the most ostentatious cruise ship the man had ever seen, almost a 1000 feet long and at least 200 feet high. "See that?" The man just nods in total astonishment. "If I had a vagina I'd probably own that."
After a while, the dad gets up to get a beer, and the ringmaster parades the elephants out. "Mommy, Mommy! What's that long pointy thing under the elephant's belly!?" the kid asks. The mom turns red and says, "Oh, that's nothing, dear." The dad comes back with his beer and sits down next to his boy. Then mom gets up and goes to the washroom. "Daddy, daddy! What's that long pointy thing under the elephant's belly!?" "That's the elephants penis." "But mom said it was nothing!" The dad takes a long swig of his beer, pats his boy on the head, and says, "Son, I've spoiled that woman..."A family is driving along the highway when all of a sudden someone throws a dildo out of their window. The dildo lands with a bang on the families windshield and everyone gets a big fright. With horror in their eyes the parents stare at each other and the father turns on the wipers, but it's too late and their son asks "Dad, what was that?" He thinks on his feet and answer "It was just a big insect, son", thinking that they would avoid an awkward conversation. The son, still puzzled answers "Damn... DID YOU SEE THE SIZE OF IT'S DICK!?"I heard that but it was daughter not a son. way funnier that way(Edit: "Little Johnny answers...")
Four friends, who hadn't seen each other in 30 years, reunited at a party. After several drinks, one of the men had to use the rest room. Those who remained talked about their kids. The first guy said, "My son is my pride and joy. He started working at a successful company at the bottom of the barrel. He studied Economics and Business Administration and soon began to climb the corporate ladder and now he's the president of the company. He became so rich that he gave his best friend a top of the line Mercedes for his birthday." The second guy said, "Darn, that's terrific! My son is also my pride and joy. He started working for a big airline, and then went to flight school to become a pilot. Eventually he became a partner in the company, where he owns the majority of its assets. He's so rich that he gave his best friend a brand new jet for his birthday." The third man said: "Well, that's terrific! My son studied in the best universities and became an engineer. Then he started his own construction company and is now a multimillionaire. He also gave away something very nice and expensive to his best friend for his birthday: A 30,000 square foot mansion." The three friends congratulated each other just as the fourth returned from the restroom and asked: "What are all the congratulations for?" One of the three said: "We were talking about the pride we feel for the successes of our sons. What about your son?" The fourth man replied: "My son is gay and makes a living dancing as a stripper at a nightclub." The three friends said: "What a shame...what a disappointment." The fourth man replied: "No, I'm not ashamed. He's my son and I love him. And he hasn't done too bad either. His birthday was two weeks ago, and he received a beautiful 30,000 square foot mansion, a brand new jet and a top of the line Mercedes from his three boyfriends!"Well that was unexpectedHaha... Too funny.Same here. O.oSorta reminds me of similar joke. Four Catholic men and a Catholic woman were having coffee. The first Catholic man tells his friends, "My son is a priest, when he walks into a room everyone calls him 'Father'." The second Catholic man chirps, "My son is a Bishop. When he walks into a room people call him 'Your Grace'." The third Catholic gent says, "My son is a Cardinal. When he enters a room everyone says 'Your Eminence'." The fourth Catholic man then says, "My son is the Pope. When he walks into a room people call him 'Your Holiness'."
The train was quite crowded, and the Marine walked the entire length looking for a seat. There seemed to be one next to a well-dressed middle-aged French woman, but when he got there he saw it was taken by the woman's poodle. The war-weary Marine asked, "Ma'am, may I have that seat?" The French woman sniffed and said to no one in particular, "Americans are so rude.. My little Fifi is using that seat.." The Marine walked the entire train again, but the only seat available was under that dog. "Please, Ma'am. May I sit down? I'm very tired." She snorted, "Not only are you Americans rude, you are also arrogant!" This time the Marine didn't say a word; he just picked up the little dog, tossed it out the train window and sat down. The woman shrieked, "Someone must defend my honor! Put this American in his place!" An English gentleman sitting nearby spoke up. "Sir, you Americans seem to have a penchant for doing the wrong thing. You hold the fork in the wrong hand. You drive your autos on the wrong side of the road. And now, sir, you seem to have thrown the wrong bitch out the window."Us and the Brits are always gonna be buddies! :) Edit: wow... All this fighting out of a heartfelt sentiment. :/Based on history America should be better friends with the French than the English.I'm a Brit who frequently has bad things to say about American society and politics, but every American I've known has been great. We may gibe, but you're mostly good people and we actually rather like you. Now the French, on the other hand...cough 4th of July was yesterday cough
A guy sees a sign in front of a house: "Talking Dog for Sale." He rings the bell and the owner tells him the dog is in the backyard. The guy goes into the backyard and sees a black mutt just sitting there. "You talk?" he asks. "Sure do." the dog replies. "So, what's your story?" The dog looks up and says, "Well, I discovered my gift of talking pretty young and I wanted to help the government, so I told the CIA about my gift, and in no time they had me jetting from country to country, sitting in rooms with spies and world leaders, because no one figured a dog would be eavesdropping. I was one of their most valuable spies eight years running." "The jetting around really tired me out, and I knew I wasn't getting any younger and I wanted to settle down. So I signed up for a job at the airport to do some undercover security work, mostly wandering near suspicious characters and listening in. I uncovered some incredible dealings there and was awarded a batch of medals." "Had a wife, a mess of puppies, and now I'm just retired." The guy is amazed. He goes back in and asks the owner what he wants for the dog. The owner says, "Ten dollars." The guy says, "This dog is amazing. Why on earth are you selling him so cheap?" "Cause he's a liar. He didn't do any of that shit!"I think this is one of those jokes that is all about the delivery.I must have read it with perfect timing because I lol'edYeah, and the mailman joke, too.I think Omid Djalili told it better.This is the best thing I've read all day! Had to explain to a coworker why I was laughing so hard. I'd better get back to work..Why? There is so much more reddit for you to enjoy. Come on, just read one more thing. It will be okay, I promise.
A very distinguished lady was on a plane arriving from Switzerland. She found herself seated next to a nice priest whom she asked: "Excuse me Father, could I ask a favour?" "Of course my child, What can I do for you?" "Here is the problem, I bought myself a new sophisticated hair remover gadget for which I paid an enormous sum of money. I have really gone over the declaration limits and I am worried that they will confiscate it at customs. Do you think you could hide it under your cassock?" "Of course I could, my child, but you must realize that I cannot lie." "You have such an honest face Father, I am sure they will not ask you any questions", and she gave him the "hair remover". The aircraft arrived at its destination. When the priest presented himself to customs he was asked, "Father, do you have anything to declare?" "From the top of my head to my sash, I have nothing to declare, my son", he replied. Finding this reply strange, the customs officer asked, "And from the sash down, what do you have?" The priest replied, "I have there a marvellous little instrument destined for use by women, but which has never been used." Breaking out in laughter, the customs officer said, "Go ahead Father. Next!"Reminds me of another joke: A priest and a rabbi are at a charity dinner together. Since the dinner consists of pork, the Rabbi is unable to eat. The priest, noticing the Rabbi isn't eating, turns to him and says "Say, Rabbi, this pork is delicious. Have you ever tried pork?" The Rabbi replies, "I must admit that yes, during my rebellious days in college I did". The priest continues, "wasn't it tasty? Isn't it hard knowing you'll never be able to eat it again?" The Rabbi thinks for a moment and asks, "have you ever had sex?" The priest says "Before I was a priest, when I was in college, I had sex with a very attractive woman at a party". The Rabbi replies, "wasn't it better than pork?"I usually tell the punchline as "Sure beats a ham sandwich, eh Padre? "a priest and a rabbi are walking down the street and they see a young boy on the road. the priest nudges the rabbi and says "hey, you wanna screw that little boy?" the rabbi replies "outta what?" badum sss!
and they all perish. They are in heaven trying to enter the pearly gates when St. Peter asks the first girl, " Tiffany, have you ever had any contact with a male organ? She giggles and shyly replies, "Well, I once touched the head of one with the tip of my finger." St. Peter says, " Okay, dip the tip of your finger in the Holy Water and pass through the gate." St. Peter asks the next girl the same question, "Jennifer, have you ever had any contact with a male organ?" The girl is a little reluctant but replies, "Well, once I fondled and stroked one." St. Peter says, " Okay, dip your whole hand in the Holy Water and pass through the gate." All of a sudden, there is a lot of commotion in the line of girls. One girl is pushing her way to the front of the line. When she reaches the front, St.Peter says, "Reeva, What seems to be the rush?" The girl replies, "If I’m going to have to gargle that Holy Water, I want to do it before Jessica sticks her ass in it.A train hits a bus filled with Catholic school girls... ...nun survived.A train hits a bus filled with Catholic school girls, and they all parish.Same joke I've heard many times only they typically use nuns, good joke though.Well, Catholic school girls are hotter than nuns.Whenever I hear that joke, it goes "A train hits a bus full of nuns and they all die. (pause) okay, stop laughing, the joke hasn't even started."So you're that guy
An old, blind cowboy wanders into an all-girl biker bar by mistake. He finds his way to a bar stool and orders a shot of Jack Daniels. After sitting there for a while, he yells to the bartender, 'Hey, you wanna hear a blonde joke?' The bar immediately falls absolutely silent. In a very deep, husky voice, the woman next to him says, 'Before you tell that joke, Cowboy, I think it is only fair, Given that you are blind, that you should know five things: The bartender is a blonde girl with a baseball bat. The bouncer is a blonde girl. I'm a 6-foot tall, 175-pound blonde woman with a black belt in karate. The woman sitting next to me is blonde and a professional weight lifter. The lady to your right is blonde and a professional wrestler. Now, think about it seriously, Cowboy. Do you still wanna tell that blonde joke?' The blind cowboy thinks for a second, shakes his head and mutters, 'No...not if I'm gonna have to explain it five timesSounds like that was his last rodeo(•_•) ( •_•)>⌐■-■ (⌐■_■) YEEEEEAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!One of the best blonde jokes ever.Great stuff.
when he asked her "I must say, you run a real tight ship over here, would you mind telling me some of your secrets or advice?". The queen said "sure, its quite simple, I surround myself with smart people, for example, watch this". She then calls upon Tony Blair. "Tony, I have a simple question, if you mother has a child and your father has a child, and it's not your brother or sister, then who is it?" Tony Blair thinks for a moment and responds "Well it would be me" "Correct. Thank you very much Tony" says the queen. Bush says "Ahh, you know, that's real clever, I might have to try that on some of my cabinet members. Thank you very much" Bush is now back home in the U.S and calls Donald Rumsfeld to his office. "Donald, I have a question for you. If your mother has a child and your father has a child and it's not your brother or sister, who is it?" Donald thinks long and hard and says "You know George, I'm not sure, but I'll give you an answer by tomorrow" Bush agrees and lets Donald go. Donald then gathers up the cabinet and asks them the question. Nobody knows the answer, and after many failed attempts somone speaks up and says "I know! lets ask Colin Powell! He's a smart man, he should know". So they call up Colin Powell. They ask him, "Colin, we have an important question for you... if your mother has a child and your father has a child and it's not your brother or sister, who is it?" "You bunch of morons, it would be myself!" says Colin Powell. "Ahhh!! We get it now!" says the members of the cabinet. The next day Donald Rumsfeld approaches the president. "Sir, I believe I have the answer to that question you asked me the other day." says Donald. "Well ok, Donald, what is the answer?" "Colin Powell!" says Rumsfeld Bush looks at him for a second and gets up and yells "No you god damn idiot, it's Tony Blair!"First joke in a very long time with two punch lines.First punch line was very predictable, which made the second one awesome.Please, someone post some more double-punch line jokes.So DP?First time I actually laughed out loud from reading the jokes here. I'm keeping this for future use!three, the real joke was calling tony blair a smart person.
A married couple was in a terrible accident where the woman's face was severely burned. The doctor told the husband that they couldn't graft any skin from her body because she was too skinny. So the husband offered to donate some of his own skin. However, the only skin on his body that the doctor felt was suitable would have to come from his buttocks. The husband and wife agreed that they would tell no one about where the skin came from, and requested that the doctor also honor their secret. After all, this was a very delicate matter. After the surgery was completed, everyone was astounded at the woman's new beauty. She looked more beautiful than she ever had before! All her friends and relatives just went on and on about her youthful beauty! One day, she was alone with her husband, and she was overcome with emotion at his sacrifice. She said, "Dear, I just want to thank you for everything you did for me. There is no way I could ever repay you." "My darling," he replied, "think nothing of it. I get all the thanks I need every time I see your mother kiss you on the cheek."As someone who's shadowed a plastic surgeon, butt skin really is commonly used for replacing skin on the face.But...what about hair?Yeah I was pretty surprised that they acted like it was shameful.So does BOTOX become BUTTOCKS? I'll show myself out...Such an old man joke. Lolit has "dad" written all over it
[deleted]Haha nice, there is a nice wave of brilliant jokes recently.this joke is older than the internet. One of the first clever jokes I ever learned.as someone who has been sick for the last week with super clogged sinuses and blocked ears, i can relate. blocked ears are the worst thing ever.Never had blocked ears so I'll stick to my usual "I'll take broken arm over clogged sinuses any day"at least your farts don't smellThe way Gilbert Gottfried tells it: "A man goes to a doctor, as so many men do in these jokes. They always either go to a doctor or a farmhouse. They never seem to go to the movies or, or anything. It's either a doctor or a farmhouse. That's the world they live in. So a man goes to a doctor. He goes to a doctor and says 'Doctor I've got a really embarrassing problem. I just keep letting out these silent farts. And they- Oop, there goes one now. And they are really smelly and embarassing- Oop, I let off two in a row! I can't seem to hold them back, and they're just silent- Oop, there go two more now.' So he says 'Doctor, what's wrong with me?' And the doctor goes 'Well first off you're going deaf.'
A couple in their 80's were having problems remembering things, so they decided to the go the doctor for a checkup. The doctor tells them that they are physically okay, but they might want to start writing things down to help them remember. Later that night, while watching TV, the old man gets up from his chair. His wife asks, "Where are you going?" "To the kitchen for a drink," he replies. She asks, " Will you get me piece of cake?" The husband says, "Sure." She gently reminds him, "Don't you think you should write it down so you don't forget it?" He says, "No, I can certainly remember that!" Then the woman says, "Well, I'd like some strawberries on top. You'd better write it down because I know you'll forget it." The man replies, "I can remember that! You want some cake with strawberries." She adds, "I'd also like whipped cream on top. Now I'm certain you're gonna forget that, so you'd better write it down ok." Irritated, he says, "I don't need to write it down woman! I can remember that! Cake with strawberries! And whipped cream!" He then grumbles into the kitchen. After about 30 minutes the old man returns from the kitchen and hands his wife a plate of bacon and eggs. She stares at the plate for a moment and says, "Where's my toast?My parents loved this.That's because they were in it.So did my stoner friend.I'm in my 20s and I loved this, your parents have good taste.This was funny... but also quite sad.Bacon and eggs is never sad.
A married couple of 20 years were as normal as could be, bar one little quirk the husband had in the bedroom. He'd only have sex with the lights off. The wife assumed he merely had some shame in the penile department, but she loved him, so happily obliged. An added bonus was that it felt like he was actually reasonably well-equipped downstairs, so everything was good. However, 20 years of blind sex took its toll on her and their relationship. In the middle of one of their love-making sessions, the wife dived for the lamp and turned on the light. She saw her husband with his pants on and a dildo in hand. There was a brief moment of silence, then the wife sternly stated "You have some explaining to do." The husband looked her dead in the eye and said "I'll explain this when you explain the kids".She's the one that should have known something was wrong when little rubber penis-shaped kids were running around. Just sayin'.Ah poop I'm late to the party. But, relevant (NSFW) http://doctorvoluptua.com/go/23That was my first thought as well.There was actually a Jerry Springer episode that had a story very similar to this joke, where a woman didn't realize her boyfriend of many years was actually female.
A woman walks into a pet store and sees a handsome bright red parrot. She asks the cashier how much the parrot is. The cashier says, "I'll sell it, but I should warn you, it was donated by a brothel, so it might have picked up some colorful language." The woman says, "Oh, that's okay." She buys the parrot and takes it home. When she takes the towel off its cage, the parrot looks at her and says, "Awk. New madam. Hello madam." A few hours later, the woman's two teenage daughters come home from school. The parrot looks at them and says, "Awk. New girls. Hello girls." A couple hours after that, the woman's husband Phil comes home from work. The parrot looks at him and says, "Awk. Hi Phil."Good joke. One criticism to help make it better. No need to say the woman's husband Phil comes home Just say the woman's husband comes home. The audience will understand that his name is Phil. Still, great joke :)You're a master at nit picking, and you pull it off perfectly!Eh I'm not so sure. I feel as if it didn't mention that the husband's name was Phil the parrot could just be saying it only because it was a male walking in. Just me though. EDIT: Well, I guess the parrot does say "new" each time, so that kind of pads it.
... to have his head shaved. "What should I pay you?" the monk asks. "No price, for a holy man such as yourself," the barber replies. And what do you know, the next day the barber comes to open his shop, and finds on his doorstep a dozen gemstones. That day, a priest comes in to have his hair cut. "What shall I pay you, my son?" "No price, for a man of the cloth such as yourself." And what do you know, the next day the barber comes to open his shop, and finds on his doorstep a dozen roses. That day, Rabbi Finklestein comes in to get his payoss [sideburns] trimmed. "What do you want I should pay you?" "Nothing, for a man of God such as yourself." And the next morning, what do you know? The barber finds on his doorstep — a dozen rabbis!This one is a classic in our synagogue. There is no one who has better Jewish jokes than the jews...But are they real Jews or are they just in it for the jokes?Have you heard the one about when Rabinowitz was in the hospital? He was asked if anything was wrong. He said he couldn't kvetch. They asked him again every day, and he kept saying it. Finally one day he said yes. They asked what the matter was. "I can't kvetch!"I was going to ask before I opened this for a Jew to confirm that this is hilarious even to a Jew. It's kinda like white stereotypes where you can laugh at them because they are true but aren't offensive, no?I don't know, I bet Hilter had some knee-slappers. Have your groups ever exchanged them?
A little old lady answered a knock on the door one day, only to be confronted by a well-dressed young man carrying a vacuum cleaner. ‘Good morning,’ said the young man. ‘If I could take a couple of minutes of your time, I would like to demonstrate the very latest in high-powered vacuum cleaners . ‘ ‘Go away!’ said the old lady. ‘I’m broke and haven’t got any money!’ and she proceeded to close the door. Quick as a flash, the young man wedged his foot in the door and pushed it wide open. ‘Don’t be too hasty!’ he said. ‘Not until you have at least seen my demonstration.’ And with that, he emptied a bucket of horse manure onto her hallway carpet. ‘If this vacuum cleaner does not remove all traces of this horse manure from your carpet, Madam, I will personally eat the remainder.’ The old lady stepped back and said, ‘Well let me get you a fork, ’cause they cut off my electricity this morning.That's too cruel! Why not a spoon?I agree. I hate it when someone gives me a fork to eat horse shit.horse shit is not usually runny like cow shit. It has a lot of stringy grassy bits in it so a fork would actually work betterIt's dull you twit it will hurt more...wait wrong utensil. Yeah, why not a spoon?After his horrible meal, he went to another house, which was in fact a farm house. He checked the electricity was still on, and then knocked at the door. He went through his spiel again to the farmer's wife who had answered the door, but said "I no longer have anything to demonstrate with, but with this being a farm, perhaps you have some wheat or something?" The farmer's wife found a sack of wheat, and he took a handful of it and threw it on the ground. However, try as he might, the high-powered vacuum cleaner simply would not clean it up! He got a little frustrated, then looked at the wheat and noticed it was a little damp. He thought for a moment, and as he was thinking he noticed another sack that had been sitting by the radiator in the hallway. He asked the farmer's wife if he could try with that wheat instead.
the bartender asks the guy, "What's up bud? You look rough." "Well," says the man, "I just found out my dad is gay and he's left my mom for some pool boy." "Ouch," says the bartender, "here, these are on the house today." A few days later the same guy comes in and orders another five shots. "Oh no man, what happened this time?" The bartender asks. "Just found out my brother is gay, he's left his wife for a man he met at a gay bar last week." "I'm sorry man," the bartender says, "these are on the house." Just one week later the guy comes in again and orders ten shots. The bartender asks, "Man! Doesn't anyone in your family like women?" The guy responds, "Yeah...my wife."man orders five shots. Downs them. Bartender asks whats up? He says my first blowjob. bartender offers another shot. He says no thanks if five shots dont get the taste out of my mouth nothing will.This is the one I was expecting. An oldie but a goldie.there is a different version i heard (in my language): a father, his wife and his two kids, teenaged brother and sister are sitting at the table, having dinner. at one point, the daughter stands up and says: "mom, dad, im a lesbian." the dad freaks out and starts screaming at her furiously. his wife gets up and says: "leave her alone, i'm also gay". the father is out of his mind, so he screams: "well is there anybody in this bloody house that likes dick??!!" after spectating the fight silently, the son gets up and proudly states: "I do, dad".
Two rednecks decided that they weren't going anywhere in life and thought they should go to college to get ahead. The first goes in to see the counselor, who tells him to take Math, History, and Logic. "What's Logic?" the first redneck asks. The professor answers by saying, "Let me give you an example." "Do you own a weedeater?" "I sure do." "Then I can assume, using logic, that you have a yard," replied the professor. "That's real good!" says the redneck. The professor continues, "Logic will also tell me that since you have a yard, you also own a house." Impressed, the redneck says, "Amazin!" "And since you own a house, logic dictates that you have a wife." "That's Betty Mae! This is incredible!" The redneck is obviously catching on. "Finally, since you have a wife, logically I can assume that you are heterosexual," said the professor. "You're absolutely right! Why that's the most fascinatin' thing I ever heard! I can't wait to take that logic class!!" The redneck, proud of the new world opening up to him, walks back into the hallway, where his friend is still waiting. "So what classes are ya takin'?" asks the friend. "Math, History, and Logic!" replies the first redneck. "What in tarnation is logic???" asked his friend. "Let me give you an example. Do ya own a weedeater?" asked the first redneck. "No," his friend replied. "Fag."When did the counselor become a professor?It took a long time to explain the logic course to the first redneck, and the counselor received his promotion during the explanation.About 3:20 p.m. est.When you're dealing with rednecks I would assume.I'm guessing it was a mistake, but there is the off chance that the counselor is also a professor. I know they aren't the same, but advisor's are usually professors in the department you are majoring in. And since the counselor here is playing the role of an advisor, that may have been where professor came in.Pfft, don't you know anything about logic.
A priest hooks a huge fish. Helping him reel it in, a sailor says, "Whoa, look at the size of that fucker!" "Hey, mind your language!" says the priest. Embarrassed, the sailor thinks quickly and blurts out, "Sorry father, but that's what this fish is called - it's a Fucker fish." Accepting the explanation, the priest forgives the sailor and takes the fish back to church. "Look at this huge fucker," says the priest, spotting the bishop. "Language, please! This is God's house," replies the bishop. "No, no - that's what this fish is called," says the priest. "Oh," says the bishop, scratching his chin. "I could clean that fucker and we could have it for dinner". So the bishop takes the fish, cleans it, and brings it to the mother superior. "Could you cook this fucker for dinner tonight?" he asks her. "My, what language!" she exclaims, clearly shocked. "No, sister that's what the fish is called - a fucker," says the bishop. Satisfied with the explanation, the mother superior says, "Wonderful, I'll cook that fucker tonight - the Pope is coming for dinner!" The fish tastes just great and the Pope asks where they got it. "Well, I caught the fucker!" says the priest. "And I cleaned the fucker!" says the bishop. "And I cooked the fucker!" says the mother superior. The Pope stares at them for a minute with a steely gaze, leans back on his chair, takes off his cap, puts his feet up on the table, pours himself a whiskey and says, "You know what? You cunts are alright". Edit: Changed it to Graphiite's formatting, thank you! And yes, I've got this joke off 4chan... :DI heard this joke from a friend about 15 years ago. So many memories getting back to me. Thanks for the laugh.That's fucking hilariousWell the humour of this fucker is humungous.Best way to tell your wife you're going fishing, "hey honey, just gonna go out and get a fuck."A priest hooks a huge fish. Helping him reel it in, a sailor says, "Whoa, look at the size of that fucker!" "Hey, mind your language!" says the priest. Embarrassed, the sailor thinks quickly and blurts out, "Sorry father, but that's what this fish is called - it's a Fucker fish." Accepting the explanation, the priest forgives the sailor and takes the fish back to church.
A man dies and goes to hell. He finds that there is a different hell for each country. He decides he'll pick the least painful to spend his eternity. He goes to Germany Hell and asks, 'What do they do here?' ... He is told 'first they put you in an electric chair for an hour. Then they lay you on a bed of nails for another hour. Then the German devil comes in and whips you for the rest of the day'. The man does not like the sound of that at all so he moves on. He checks out the USA Hell as well as the Russia Hell and many more. He discovers that they are all similar to the German hell. Then he comes to the BOTSWANA Hell and finds that there is a long line of people waiting to get in. Amazed, he asks, 'What do they do here?' He is told 'first they put you in an electric chair for an hour. Then they lay you on a bed of nails for another hour. The BOTSWANA devil comes in and whips you for the rest of the day. 'But, that is exactly the same as all the other hells why are there so many people waiting to get in?' asks the man. Because there is never any electricity, so the electric chair does not work. The nails were paid for but never supplied, so the bed is comfortable to sleep on. And the BOTSWANA devil used to be a civil servant, so he comes in; signs his time sheet and goes back home for private business.'Africa is the new promised land of OC.Shh, China might hear you!That was a good joke.An original joke!!!!Woah, you're telling me this gem was never posted here before? I was told this joke eight years back! It was gold then, and it's gold now.Could work for Greece.
A father passing by his son's bedroom was astonished to see that his bed was nicely made and everything was picked up. Then he saw an Envelope, propped up prominently on the pillow that was addressed to 'Dad.' With the worst premonition he opened the envelope with trembling hands and read the letter. Dear Dad: It is with great regret and sorrow that I'm writing you. I had to elope with my new girlfriend because I wanted to avoid a scene with Mom and you. I have been finding real passion with Stacy and she is so nice. But I knew you would not approve of her because of all her piercing, tattoos, tight motorcycle clothes and the fact that she is much older than I am. But it's not only the passion...Dad she's pregnant. Stacy said that we will be very happy. She owns a trailer in the woods and has a stack of firewood for the whole winter. We share a dream of having many more children. Stacy has opened my eyes to the fact that marijuana doesn't really hurt anyone. We'll be growing it for ourselves and trading it with the other people that live nearby for cocaine and ecstasy. In the meantime we will pray that science will find a cure for AIDS so Stacy can get better. She deserves it. Don't worry Dad. I'm 15 and I know how to take care of myself. Someday I'm sure that we will be back to visit so that you can get to know your grandchildren. Love, Your Son John PS. Dad, none of the above is true. I'm over at Tommy's house. I Just wanted to remind you that there are worse things in life than a Report card That's in my center desk drawer. I love you. Call me when it's safe to come homeAlso, there's the teenaged daughter: "Dad, I'm pregnant." Then after they've freaked out for a while. "Just kidding, I crashed the car."Ive done this.Plot Twist: Dad calls his son after sometime, "Its safe to come home, son. Just wanted to let you know that I was so angry after I read the first half of the letter that I destroyed your Xbox and your computer while reading the second half before eventually reaching the PS section"And then when he gets home, the doormat is replaced with the one that says 'just kidding'.
A woman was in a coma being cared for by the Intensive Care nursing staff who noticed a little reaction on the vital -signs monitor as they washed between her legs during a sponge bath. They tried it again and sure enough there was definite movement on the monitor. As soon as they realised what had happened they went straight to her husband and told him: This may not work, but, maybe some oral sex could bring your wife out of the coma. The husband remained skeptical, but he finally let himself be convinced. The nurses took him to his wife’s room and explained that they would leave them alone so they could have more privacy, but would be checking her vitals in the other room for any reaction. After a few minutes the monitor’s alarm goes off and she flatlines –no pulse, no heartbeat, nothing! The nurses run into the room desperate to help the woman and see what went wrong, asking the husband, what happened?!? He replied: I don’t know… I think she choked…Good joke, Kyle.This scared me...explain the joke i know this is 5months late lolI know I'm overthinking it, but this joke just made me sad.I'm glad you all liked it, I thought it was too good not to shareThe jerk store called, they're running out of you!
Three professors (a physicist, a chemist, and a statistician) are called in to see their dean. Just as they arrive the dean is called out of his office, leaving the three professors there. The professors see with alarm that there is a fire in the wastebasket. The physicist says, "I know what to do! We must cool down the materials until their temperature is lower than the ignition temperature and then the fire will go out." The chemist says, "No! No! I know what to do! We must cut off the supply of oxygen so that the fire will go out due to lack of one of the reactants." While the physicist and chemist debate what course to take, they both are alarmed to see the statistician running around the room starting other fires. They both scream, "What are you doing?" To which the statistician replies, "Trying to get an adequate sample size. EDIT: this was a joke my stats prof told our classThis is definitely one of the top 10 statistician jokes I have ever seen. Funny 90% of the time, 19 times out of 20.How likely is it to be funny for the last 1 of 20?with a confidence interval of 50% and 90%, this joke is funny every time.60% of the time it's funny every timeYeah, but the humor matches a poisson distrubution each time I hear it.Stupid question more than likely, but saying 90, and referencing 95 was intentional right?
There was a scientist working away in obscurity for years with peculiar experiments on spiders. After years and years he placed an advertisement in several academic journals to let the community know he and was to host a live show to demonstrate his findings. At the event hundreds were there more out of curiosity than anything as the details of the findings were kept secret. The man himself wandered on stage and silenced the murmurs. 'Today I will demonstrate two things. The first being that spiders can understand and respond to basic commands.' The crowd laughed and jeered but undeterred he opened a box on his desk and a spider crawled out. 'Spider, walk left' The spider moved to its left. The crowd was silenced. 'Spider, move right.' The spider moved right. The crowd gasped. Forward, backward, the spider responded again and again. The crowd applauded in awe. The scientist then removed all of the spider's legs. The crowd, confused by this, watched in silence. 'Move left' The spider didn't move. 'Move right' Nothing. Forward, backward, no response. 'This is to demonstrate my second finding. Once you remove a spider's legs, it goes deaf.'The REAL joke is that spiders DO hear with their legs. The Trichobothria are fine hairs found on the legs of a spider that they hear with. google it.They can actually sense sound waves through the hairs on their legs. I googled it because someone asked. I'll admit it caught me by surprise.Same with grasshoppers (in that their ears are on the legs); I thought that was the real joke here too EDIT: I accidentally a letter.
A man doing market research knocked on a door and was greeted by a young woman with three small children running around at her feet. He says, "I'm doing research for Vaseline. Have you ever used the product?" She says, "Yes. My husband and I use it all the time." "And if you don't mind me asking, what do you use it for?" "We use it for sex." The researcher was a little taken back. "Usually people lie to me and say that they use it on a child's bicycle chain or to help with a gate hinge. But, in fact, I know that most people do use it for sex. I admire you for your honesty. Since you've been frank so far, can you tell me exactly how you use it for sex? The woman says, "I don't mind telling you at all, my husband and I put it on the bedroom door knob and it keeps the kids out."for a joke about sex, that was surprisingly PG, well doneEverything R is still there and yet SFW. OP, you have my upvote.Brandon?Pro-Tip: Do not use vaseline for sex.Not with a condom anyway.Why? Never thought about it til just now, but I assume you've experienced? Saliva works too well and is too easy....
It's their wedding night and a redneck couple are getting ready to have sex for the first time. As the bride is getting ready in the bathroom she tells her husband Bobby Joe to take it "easy on her, on accounts that she is a virgin and all". "BAM!!" as she hears the door on the trailer slam then watches as Bobby Joe speeds off in the truck.. Bobby Joe is completely distraught and decides to head on over to his pa's house. He bangs on the door and his pa sees that he is upset "What's wrong boy?". Bobby Joe tells his pa, "Me and Mindy Lou was getting ready to have sex when she done told me she was a dang virgin!". Pa breathes a sigh of relief and puts his arm around his son and says "Boy, if she wasn't good enough for her own family, she aint good enough for ours".i was expecting an incest punchline and i wasnt let downYour comment helped me understand the joke. Thank you.My name is Bobbi Jo. I'm a woman.cool.Do you have a twin sister named Betty Lou?As someone who lives in Kentucky, that sounds about right.
I told my husband that I would be home by midnight, 'I promise!' Well, the hours passed and the margaritas went down way too easily. Around 3 a.m., a bit loaded, I headed for home. Just as I got in the door, the cuckoo clock in the hallway started up and cuckooed 3 times. Quickly, realizing my husband would probably wake up, I cuckooed another 9 times. I was really proud of myself for coming up with such a quick-witted solution, in order to escape a possible conflict with him. (Even when totally smashed... 3 cuckoos plus 9 cuckoos totals = 12 cuckoos MIDNIGHT!) The next morning my husband asked me what time I got in, I told him 'MIDNIGHT'... he didn't seem pissed in the least.......... Whew, I got away with that one! Then he said 'We need a new cuckoo clock.' When I asked him why, he said, 'Well, last night our clock cuckooed three times then said 'oh shit.' Cuckooed 4 more times, cleared its throat, cuckooed another three times, giggled, cuckooed twice more, and then tripped over the coffee table and farted.Clearly this joke is fake, women don't fart.Anyone who says this has never lived with a woman.I never fart around my boyfriend (when I am conscience), I will go for a walk if I have to. However, when I'm sleeping it is a whole other story. Apparently I fart often in my sleep. I refused to believe him, until I farted myself awake.That's why women have wider hips then men, held in farts.They do, they just blame it on the dog.
"I have an idea," said the father. He put a ten-dollar bill, a bottle of whiskey, and a Bible on the coffee table. "If he takes the money he'll be a banker. If he takes the whiskey he'll be a wino, and if he takes the Bible that means he'll be a preacher." So the man and his wife hide just before their son comes in the door, and watch from where they're hiding. The boy saunters over to the coffee table. He picks up the ten-dollar bill, looks at it, then sets it down. He picks up the bottle of whiskey, uncorks it, sniffs it, then sets it down. Then he picks up the Bible, leafs through it, then sets it down. Then the boy takes the money and stuffs it into his pocket, grabs the whiskey, and walks off with the Bible under his arm. "Well how do you like that!" exclaims the father. "He's going to be a politician!"There is actually an ancient Chinese custom called Zhua Zhou that is similar to this. On the baby's first birthday a tray of objects (such as a coin, scissors, fabric, or dice) are placed in front of them. What the baby grabs for is supposedly a sign indicating what their future profession will be.I did this when I was little. I grabbed the food on the table behind me.The modern Chinese take on this is 3 items. A stethoscope, a stethoscope and a stethoscope.Nice try, Monk GyatsoKind of Like the Avatar!
Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall bought new shoes for her wedding. During the big day they became increasingly tighter and tighter as the day went on. That night, when the festivities were finally over and they retired to their room, she flopped on the bed and said, "Charles, darling, please remove my shoes, my feet are killing me!" Her ever-obedient Prince of Wales attacked her right shoe with vigour, but it would not budge. "Harder!" yelled Camilla, "Harder." Charles yelled back, "I'm trying, darling! But it's just so bloody tight!" "Come on! Give it all you've got!" she cried. Finally, when it released, Charles let out a big groan and Camilla exclaimed, "There! Oh, God, that feels so good!" In their bedroom next door, the Queen said to Prince Phillip, "See! I told you with a face like that, she had to be a virgin!" Meanwhile, as Charles tried to remove her left shoe, he cried, "Oh, God, darling! This one's even tighter!" At which Prince Phillip said to the Queen, "That's my boy! He served in the Navy: once a Rear Admiral, always a Rear Admiral!Excellent, fucking love it.The joke and premise were good. The last two lines made this joke great. Edit: grammarBloody brill, this one takes the biscuit. Cracked me up it did.This comment is so British, it makes me want tea.Please return biscuit, joke.
A couple of women were playing golf one sunny Saturday morning. The first of the two some teed off and watched in horror as her ball headed directly toward a foursome of men playing the next hole. Indeed, the ball hit one of the men, and he immediately clasped his hands together at his crotch, fell to the ground and proceeded to roll around in evident agony. The woman rushed down to the man and immediately began to apologize. She said, "Please allow me to help. I'm a physical therapist and I know I could relieve your pain if you'd allow." "Ummph, oooh, nnooo, I'll be all right...I'll be fine in a few minutes," he replied breathlessly as he remained in the fetal position still clasping his hands together at his crotch. But she persisted, and he finally allowed her to help him. She gently took his hands away and laid them to the side, she loosened his pants, and she put her hands inside. She began to massage him. She then asked him, "How does that feel?" To which he replied, "It feels great, but my thumb still hurts like hell."I'm gonna start hanging around busy golf courses now.I'm gonna start clasping my hands together at my crotch, falling to the ground and rolling around in evident agony when something hits me, hoping it's a woman that threw ithttp://imgur.com/NL2YfInSee, this sort of injury is unacceptable. Free yourselves from this dangerous passtime, and join us at r/nongolfers.My facebook is full of this shit and sometimes I feel like I'm the only nongolfer around. Can I come and post the things my friends say and then the witty hateful remarks that I say back?
An old lady was chatting it up with St. Peter at the Pearly Gates when all of a sudden she hears the most awful, blood curdling screams. "Don't worry about that," says St. Peter, "It's only someone having the holes put into her shoulder blades for wings." The old lady looks a little uncomfortable but carries on with the conversation. Ten minutes later, there are more blood curdling screams. "Oh my God", says the old lady, "Now what is happening?" "Not to worry," says St. Peter, "She's just having her head drilled to fit the halo." "I can't do this," says the old lady, "I'm going to hell." "You can't go there", says St. Peter. "You'll be raped and sodomized." "Maybe so", says the old lady, "but I already have the holes for that".Three men went to hell. The devil said to them "You have come to hell, and you must now choose whether to spend eternity in room 1, 2 or 3" He then opened the doors to the three rooms. Room 1 was filled with men standing on their heads, on a hard wooden floor. Room 2 was filled with men standing on the heads, on a cement floor. Finally, room 3 had just a few men, standing in shit up to their knees and drinking coffee. The men thought for a while, and decided to go with room 3, as it was less crowded and they could drink coffee. They entered the door to room 3 and just as it was closing behind them, the devil said "OK men, coffee break's over. Back on your heads."
There was a man named Charlie who was such a die-hard optimist. No matter how hard the situation was, he would always say, "It could have been worse." So to cure him of his annoying habit, his friends decided to invent a story to trick him. One day, his friends told him, "Charlie, did you hear what happened to Rob? He came home last night, found his wife in bed with another man, shot then both, and turned the gun on himself!" "That's so tragic," Charlie replied, "but it could have been worse." "HOW THE FUCK," his dumbfounded friends replied, "could it POSSIBLY be FUCKING WORSE???" "Well," says Charlie, "IF IT FUCKING HAPPENED THE NIGHT BEFORE, I'D BE FUCKING DEAD!" Side note: Thank you reddit, this is my 3rd post on r/Jokes that made it to the front page. Much appreciated! More jokes coming up!The bold makes it hard to stay focused when all the text is on screen at once. Distracted from an otherwise good joke.Noted. Thank you.You don't really need all of those fucks.Charlie's friends and Charlie are pretty vulgar.I'll be happy to haul away any excess fucks if nobody needs them? I'm making a fuck-castle in my backyard and need more materials.
Keep this in mind the next time you are about to repeat a rumor or spread gossip. In ancient Greece (469 - 399 BC), Socrates was widely lauded for his wisdom. One day an acquaintance ran up to him excitedly and said, "Socrates, do you know what I just heard about Diogenes?" "Wait a moment," Socrates replied, "Before you tell me, I'd like you to pass a little test. It's called the Triple Filter Test." "Triple filter?" asked the acquaintance. "That's right," Socrates continued, "Before you talk to me about Diogenes let's take a moment to filter what you're going to say. The first filter is Truth. Have you made absolutely sure that what you are about to tell me is true?" "No," the man said, "Actually I just heard about it." "All right," said Socrates, "So you don't really know if it's true or not. Now let's try the second filter, the filter of Goodness. Is what you are about to tell me about Diogenes something good?" "No, on the contrary..." "So," Socrates continued, "You want to tell me something about Diogenes that may be bad, even though you're not certain it's true?" The man shrugged, a little embarrassed. Socrates continued, "You may still pass the test though, because there is a third filter, the filter of Usefulness. Is what you want to tell me about Diogenes going to be useful to me?" "No, not really." "Well," concluded Socrates, "If what you want to tell me is neither True nor Good nor even Useful, why tell it to me or anyone at all?" The man was bewildered and ashamed. This is an example of why Socrates was a great philosopher and held in such high esteem. It also explains why Socrates never found out that Diogenes was banging his wife.Not bad, but that does sound like it would be useful information.I have found that if I would approach every joke logically, I wouldn't laugh as much but it still does irk me a lot when a discrepancy occurs.Don't be so hard on yourself. You would make a fine attorney.Important? Yes. Useful? Well...Are you sure your comment is true?Maybe the guy got annoyed at Socrates and decided to screw him over and tell him it's not useful.
An Avid Sportman and hunter, Tim decided to tie the knot with his longtime girlfriend. One evening, not long after the honeymoon, he was getting his equipment ready for an upcoming hunt. His wife was standing there at the bench watching him. After a long period of silence she finally speaks. "Honey, I've been thinking, now that we are married I think it's time you quit hunting, shooting, hand-loading, and fishing. Maybe you should sell your guns and boat." Tim gets this horrified look on his face. She says, "Darling, what's wrong?" "You were beginning to sound like my ex-wife." "Ex wife!" she screams, "I didn't know you were married before!" He replied, "I wasn’t."I knew a doc that would introduce his one and only wife as his "first wife" at parties.My dad often introduces my mom as his "current wife" to people, even though they've only been married to each other and its for 25 years now.If you have a girlfriend, she's always your current girlfriend, but it's never ok to call her that. If you have a wife, she's always your current wife, but it's never ok to call her that. -- Experience.I introduce my wife as my "trophy wife".
A woman is at home when she hears someone knock at the door.She goes to the door and opens the door to see a man standing there. He asks the lady, 'Do you have a vagina?' She slams the door in disgust. The next morning she hears a knock at the door and it is the same man and he asks the same question of the woman, 'Do you have a vagina?' She slams the door again. Later that night when her husband gets home she tells him what has happened for the last two days. The husband tells the wife in a loving and concerned voice, 'Honey, I am taking tomorrow off to be home just in case this guy shows up again.' The next morning they hear a knock and both run for the door. The husband says to the wife in a whispered voice, 'Honey, I'm going to hide behind the door and listen and if it is the same guy I want you to answer yes to the question because I want to see where the bastard is going with it.' She nods yes to her husband and opens the door. Sure enough the same fellow is standing there and asks the same question; 'Do you have vagina'? 'Yes, actually I have one,' she says. The man replies.. 'Good! Would you mind telling your husband to leave my wife's alone and start using yours?'I kinda want to know where the rest of the story goes, but good joke!And THAT's when the fight started!They both faintFor whatever reason I imagined Dick Draper as the husband in this scene.And then he fainted. I feel dirty saying thatI thought it was a bad joke. The setup is completely unrealistic and it could only happen in an alternate reality where someone really, really wants to set up the punchline to a joke.
The driver screamed , lost control of the car, nearly hit a bus, went up on the sidewalk, and stopped centimeters from a shop window. For a second everything went quiet in the cab, then the driver said, "Look mate, don't ever do that again. You scared the daylights out of me!" The passenger apologized and said, "I didn't realize that a little tap would scare you so much. " The driver replied, "Sorry, it's not really your fault. Today is my first day as a cab driver. I've been driving a funeral van for the last 25 years."It's funny because I pictured the cab in NYC and then I saw the word "mate"..It's called a hearse, not funeral vanHey everyone, get a load of mr. fancy pants over here. He's got enough money to get himself a prissy "hearse" instead of re-purposing pedo Steve's van whenever someone dies.I actually work as a mortuary transport driver and bodies are picked up in hearses and vans. I have a company van that i use to transport bodies. The technical term for both hearse and van is a funeral coach.Yeah, I doubt you'd know better than a man who fucking drove a funeral van for a quarter-century.
It got crowded in heaven, so, for one day it was decided only to accept people who had really had a bad day on the day they died. St. Peter was standing at the pearly gates and said to the first man, "Tell me about the day you died." The man said, "Oh, it was awful. I was sure my wife was having an affair, so I came home early to catch her with him. I searched all over the apartment but couldn't find him anywhere. So I went out onto the balcony, we live on the 25th floor, and found this man hanging over the edge by his fingertips. I went inside, got a hammer, and started hitting his hands. He fell, but landed in some bushes. So, I got the refrigerator and pushed it over the balcony and it crushed him. The strain of the act gave me a heart attack, and I died." St. Peter couldn't deny that this was a pretty bad day, and since it was a crime of passion, he let the man in. He then asked the next man in line about the day he died. "Well, sir, it was awful," said the second man. "I was doing aerobics on the balcony of my 26th floor apartment when I twisted my ankle and slipped over the edge. I managed to grab the balcony of the apartment below, but some maniac came out and started pounding on my fingers with a hammer. Luckily I landed in some bushes. But, then the guy dropped a refrigerator on me!" St. Peter chuckled, let him into heaven and decided he could really start to enjoy this job. "Tell me about the day you died?", he said to the third man in line. "OK, picture this, I'm naked, hiding inside a refrigerator ..."Thanks for posting this one. It's just a clean classic. I've been telling a version of this joke since I was about 9 (well over 20 years now), almost the same except for the 2nd guy was walking down the street and a refrigerator up an fell on him. It used to be my favorite joke until I heard the "Free Beer" joke.Must hear the "Free Beer" joke.Ooh. What's the "Free Beer" joke?I remember hearing this joke when i was really young and not getting it. Now i get it. haha.Clean? There's a naked guy and adultery.
Three bulls heard the rancher was bringing another bull onto the ranch. First Bull: "I've been here five years. I'm not giving this new bull any of my 100 cows." Second Bull: "I've been here three years and have earned my right to 50 cows. I'm keeping all my cows." Third Bull: "I've only been here a year, and so far, you guys have only let me have 10 cows. I may not be as big as you fellows, but I'm keeping all 10 of my cows." Just then an 18-wheeler pulls up in the pasture carrying the biggest bull they've ever seen. At 4,700 pounds, each step he takes strains the steel ramp. First Bull: "I think I can spare a few cows for our new friend." Second Bull: "I actually have too many cows to take care of. I can spare a few. I'm certainly not looking for an argument." They look over at the third bull and find him pawing the dirt, shaking his horns and snorting. First Bull: "Son, don't be foolish -- let him have some of your cows and live to tell about it." Third Bull: "Hell, he can have all my cows. I'm just making sure he knows I'm a bull."good one. here is a favorite of mine: A farmer goes out one day and buys a brand new stud rooster for his chicken coop. The rooster struts over to the old rooster and says, 'OK, old fart, time to retire.' The old rooster replies,' come on, you can't handle ALL these chickens. Look what it's done to me. Can't you just let me have the two old hens over in the corner?' The young rooster says, 'Beat it! You're washed up and I'm taking over.' The old rooster says 'I'll tell you what, young stud, I'll race you around the farmhouse. Whoever wins gets exclusive domain over the entire chicken coop.' The young rooster laughs, 'You know you don't stand a chance old man, so just to be fair, I'll give you a head start. 'The old rooster takes off running. About 15 seconds later the young rooster takes off after him. They round the front of the farmhouse and the young rooster has closed the gap. He's already about 5 inches behind the old rooster and gaining fast. The farmer, meanwhile, is sitting on the front porch when he sees the roosters running by. He grabs up his shotgun and BOOM!, he blows the young rooster to bits.
A couple was on their honeymoon, lying in bed, about ready to consummate their marriage, when the new bride says to the husband, "I have a confession to make, I'm not a virgin." The husband replies, "That's no big thing in this day and age." The wife continues, "Yeah, I've been with one guy." "Oh yeah? Who was the guy?" "Tiger Woods." "Tiger Woods, the golfer?" "Yeah." "Well, he's rich, famous and handsome. I can see why you went to bed with him." The husband and wife then make passionate love. When they are done, the husband gets up and walks to the telephone. "What are you doing?" asks the wife. The husband says, "I'm hungry, I was going to call room service and get something to eat." "Tiger wouldn't do that." "Oh yeah? What would Tiger do?" "He'd come back to bed and do it a second time." The husband puts down the phone and goes back to bed to make love a second time. When they finish, he gets up and goes over to the phone. "Now what are you doing?" she asks. The husband says, "I'm still hungry so I was going to get room service to get something to eat." "Tiger wouldn't do that." "Oh yeah? What would Tiger do?" "He'd come back to bed and do it again." The guy slams down the phone, goes back to bed, and makes love one more time. When they finish he's tired and beat. He drags himself over to the phone and starts to dial. The wife asks, "Are you calling room service?" "No! I'm calling Tiger Woods, to find out what the par is for this damn hole."That's very well puttTee hee.I always wanted to join a pun thread, but I'm a little greenI guess that's a fairway to putt it.If you ask me it was rather sub-par.GREEN IN REGULATIONGolf
The barber look around the shop and says "about 2 hours," and the guy leaves. A few days later the same guy sticks his head in the door and asks..."how long before I can get a haircut?" Again, the barber looks around at shop full of customers and says "about 2 hours." The guy leaves. A week later the same guy sticks his head in the shop and asks "how long before I can get a haircut?" The barber looks around the shop and says "about an hour and a half". The guy leaves. The barber looks over at a friend in the shop and says "Hey, Joey, I'll give you a free cut if you follow that guy and see where he goes." In a little while, Joey comes back into the shop laughing hysterically. The barber says, "this must be good, where did he go when he left here?" Joey says, "To your house!"I guess that guy got a little trim either way.HEYOOOO!!!!This guy.You're funny! Are you here all week?A guy sticks his head in the barber shop and asks how long till he can get a haircut. The barber takes a look at him and says," About another half inch."Why was Joey laughing hysterically?
A couple made a deal that whoever died first would come back and inform the other if there is sex after death. Their biggest fear was that there was no after life at all. After a long life together, the husband was the first to die. True to his word, he made the first contact: "Marion .... Marion" "Is that you, Bob?" "Yes, I've come back like we agreed." "That's wonderful! What's it like?" "Well, I get up in the morning, I have sex. I have breakfast and then it's off to the golf course. I have sex again, bathe in the warm sun and then have sex a couple of more times.. Then I have lunch (you'd be proud - lots of greens). Another romp around the golf course, then pretty much have sex the rest of the afternoon. After supper, it's back to the golf course again. Then it's more sex until late at night. I catch some much needed sleep, and then, the next day it starts all over again!” "Oh, Bob! Are you in Heaven?" "No -- I'm a rabbit somewhere in South Carolina.”Nice, didn't see that coming.That's what she said!like the man with invisible semenGreens. Genius.GreeniusI was hoping this wouldn't be a necrophilia joke..
Two men, tom and bob were walking their dogs when they smell a delicious scent. "You smell that?" tom asked. Bob replied, "the heck I do, let’s find where it’s coming from!”. After 5 minutes of searching, the scent led them to a restaurant. Tom said "let’s get something to eat!" they both were hungry but bob reminded him that they couldn’t enter with their dogs! so tom said "it’s cool, follow my lead!" he puts on shades and is stopped at the door "no dogs allowed sir!" tom insisted "oh it’s my seeing eye dog let me in" "it is? But that’s a dachshund !" "Yes they're using them now because of their amazing sense of smell" "Very well come in." bob puts on shades and also stopped before entering "No dogs allowed sir!" the waiter heckled. "Oh please forgive me, it’s my seeing eye dog" bob apologized. "A chihuahua?!!!" the waiter shouted "what??? THEY GAVE ME A CHIHUAHUA!?!?!?!?!?!?!"Old. Clean. Good.oh, thanks!This is highly offensive to chihuahua owners. EDIT: People... I was being sarcastic. I was making light of the fact that you can take offense at even the cleanest jokes. But go ahead - downvote away.Offensive to waiters.For no discernible reason I always get a little bit lost when telling this joke, but I like how easy to understand/tell this version is. Cheers!
Johnny wanted to have sex with a girl in his office, but she belonged to someone else… One day, Johnny got so frustrated that he went up to her and said, "I’ll give you a $100 if you let me screw you,But the girl said NO. Johnny said, "I’ll be fast. I’ll throw the money on the floor, you bend down, and I’ll be finished by the time you pick it up." She thought for a moment and said that she would have to consult her boyfriend… So she called her boyfriend and told him the story. Her boyfriend says, "Ask him for $200, pick up the money very fast, he won’t even be able to get his pants down." So she agrees and accepts the proposal. Half an hour goes by, and the boyfriend is waiting for his girlfriend to call. Finally, after 45 minutes, the boyfriend calls and asks what happened. She responded, "The bastard used coins!"What a terrible boyfriend, i would've asked for at least 300$.That can still be arranged... If you don't mind getting pissed on...How could the boyfriend have known Johnny would have an extra $100 in coins on him? That's preparation.If you're going to pay $300, I'd prefer to own not rent.You've adjusted for inflation, seeing how old this joke is.
Tom had been in Police work for 25 years. Finally sick of the stress, he quits his job and buys 50 acres of land in the hills in Tasmania as far from humanity as possible. He sees the postman once a week and gets groceries once a month. Otherwise it's total peace and quiet. After six months or so of almost total isolation, someone knocks on his door. He opens it and a huge, bearded man is standing there. 'Name's Cliff, your neighbor from forty miles up the road. Having a Christmas party Friday night. Thought you might like to come at about 5:00...' 'Great', says Tom, 'after six months out here I'm ready to meet some local folks thank you.' As Cliff is leaving, he stops. 'Gotta warn you. Be some drinking'.' 'Not a problem' says Tom. 'After 25 years in the business, I can drink with the best of 'em'. Again, the big man starts to leave and stops. 'More 'n' likely gonna be some fighting' too.' 'Well, I get along with people, I'll be all right! . I'll be there. Thanks again.' 'More'n likely be some wild sex, too,' 'Now that's really not a problem' says Tom, warming to the idea. 'I've been all alone for six months! I'll definitely be there.. By the way, what should I wear?' 'Don't much matter. Just gonna be the two of us.I read the Bearded mans voice is Scruffys voice from Futurama.I read it as Hagrid.I was thinking Jasper from Simpsons. I almost thought they were the same person when I read this then i IMDBed it and it turns out they are not. Kinda disappointed but oh well.I did Billy Bob Thorton from Slingblade.I did Carter from Family Guy. I don't know why...I read it in Scruffy's voice but pictured Harris.Jeff Bridges from True Grit
and he wants chicks. So, he goes down the road to the next farmer and asks if he has a rooster. The other farmer says, "yeah, I've got this great rooster, named randy; he'll service every chicken you've got. No problem" well, Randy the rooster is a lot of money, but the farmer decides he'd be worth it. so, he buys Randy. The farmer takes Randy home and sets him down in the barnyard, giving the rooster a pep talk, "Randy, I want you to pace yourself now. You've got a lot of chickens to service here and you cost me a lot of money, and I'll need you to do a good job. So, take your time and have some fun," the farmer said with a chuckle. Randy seemed to understand, so the farmer points towards the hen house and Randy took off like a shot ~WHAM~ He nails every hen in there THREE or FOUR times and the farmer is just shocked. Randy runs out of the hen house and sees a flock of geese down by the lake ~WHAM~ he gets all the geese. Randy's up in the pigpen. He's in with the cows. Randy is jumping on every animal the farmer owns. The farmer is distraught, worried that his expensive rooster won't even last the day. Sure enough, the farmer goes to bed and wakes up the next day to find Randy dead as a doorknob in the middle of the yard. Buzzards are circling overhead. The farmer, saddened by the loss of such a colorful animal, shakes his head and says, "Oh, Randy, I told you to pace yourself. I tried to get you to slow down, now look what you've done to yourself." Randy opens one eye, nods towards the sky and says, "Shhh. They're getting closer..." Well worth the read EDIT: Since this hit front page I must credit my friend. He text this to me while I was at work and I put it on here. I'm glad you all like it.The rooster fucking talks!The rooster fucks and talks!The fucking rooster, talksThat was awesomeSince I own chickens and a rooster, I feel I should chime in here... Roosters actually don't have a penis. Their sperm travel out of a single tube that they use to piss and shit out of, called a cloaca.EWwwwww gross
A guy hails a cab at the airport and tells the driver to go to a certain address. When he gets there he sees a beautiful three story townhouse in a upper-class part of town. He knocks and an attractive woman opens the door. "I wanna see Natalie" The lady looks the man up and down, he clearly doesn't have a lot of money. "Sir, to see Natalie you will have to pay $1,000 for half an hour" "No problem, I have money" Just then a gorgeous brunette in a black evening gown comes down the stairs and the guy looks at her "Natalie?" "Yes?" "I want to spend a little time with you" She smirks at the man's appearance "It will cost you $1,000" The guy takes out a roll of cash and hands it to her, they go upstairs, do the dirty and he leaves half an hour later. The next day the guy is back, he knocks, the madame opens and is quite surprised that the guy is back "I wanna see Natalie" "Well it's still $1,000" "O.K., I have the money" He shows her the money, he goes upstairs, hands the money to Natalie, spend half an hour poking her clam and leaves. So it continues for three more days, after the fifth day Natalie turns to him while he's dressing and says "You know it's the first time that somebody came back so many times; where are you from?" "I am from Michigan" Natalie sits up. "Really? I have a sister in Michigan" The guy grins and replies "I know, she gave me $5,000 to give you"Amusing joke.Sir calm down. This is the internet.Haha said the german man.It's so, mesmerizing.Undoubtably...funny. it's very similar to $100 to touch your boobsWho's the woman in that? I know her, but I can't put my finger on where I've seen her before.
Disturbed, he ordered his driver to stop and got out to investigate. He asked one man, "Why are you eating grass?" "We don't have any money for food," the poor man replied. "We have to eat grass." "Well, then, you can come with me to my house and I'll feed you," the lawyer said. "But sir, I have a wife and two children with me. They are over there, under that tree." "Bring them along," the lawyer replied. Turning to the other poor man he stated, "You may come with us, also." The second man, in a pitiful voice, then said, "But sir, I also have a wife and six children with me!" "Bring them all as well," the lawyer answered. They all entered the car, which was no easy task, even for a car as large as the limousine. Once under way, one of the poor fellows turned to the lawyer and said, "Sir, you are too kind. Thank you for taking all of us with you." The lawyer replied, "Glad to do it. You'll really love my place. The grass is almost a foot high."Here's a somewhat similar one: Guy walks into a bar and sees a very poor, homeless-looking man sitting in a corner. The guy approaches the poor man and asks "Can I buy you a drink?". To which the poor man replies "Thank you, but I don't drink". The guy then asks, "Can I buy you a lotto ticket, then?", but the man says "Thank you, but I don't gamble". The guy finally says "Well, then come to my house and have dinner with me and my wife". The poor man agrees and they go to the guy's house and have dinner. The meal goes smoothly and as the poor man is leaving, he asks the guy, "Dinner was wonderful and you are very kind. May I ask you what inspires such kindness in your heart?", to which the guy replies "Kindness? I just wanted to show my wife what a guy who doesn't drink and gamble looks like". THANKS FOR THE GOLD!!What was a guy who doesn't drink doing by himself in a bar in the first place?
A young family moved into a house next door to an empty plot. One day, a gang of building workers turned up to start building on the plot. The young family's 5-year-old daughter naturally took an interest in all the activity going on next door and started talking with the workers. She hung around and eventually the builders, all with hearts of gold, more or less adopted the little girl as a sort of project mascot. They chatted with her, let her sit with them while they had tea and lunch breaks, and gave her little jobs to do here and there to make her feel important. They even gave the child her very own hard hat and gloves, which thrilled her immensely. At the end of the first week, the smiling builders presented her with a pay envelope - containing two pounds in 10p coins. The little girl took her 'pay' home to her mother who suggested that they take the money to the bank the next day to open a savings account. At the bank, the female cashier was tickled pink listening to the little girl telling her about her 'work' on the building site and the fact she had a 'pay packet'. 'You must have worked very hard to earn all this', said the cashier. The little girl proudly replied, 'Yes, I worked every day with Steve and Wayne and Mike. We're building a big house.' 'My goodness gracious,' said the cashier, 'And will you be working on the house again next week?' The child thought for a moment. Then she said seriously: 'I think so. Provided those wankers at Jewsons deliver the fucking bricks on time.'Well this is just cute.You could probably do this joke in any country, and there's something about that I like. Anyone want to take a stab at applying it to their home nation?Young family is moving into abandoned yurt by hill, previous dweller having been seized by politburo. One day, prison gang show up to begin constructing forced-labor camp near yurt. 5 year old daughter of family not yet have natural curiosity destroyed from depression, she begin talking prisoners. Warden enjoy building up prisoners hope so as to shatter it again at opportune moments, so is allowing this tiny ray of happiness. Girl is hang around, sharing meals of radioactive water and uncooked rats, helping bury bodies of prisoners who die on job. They even giving her dog skull for to protect head. Girl is surviving one week on job with only minor broken bones and loss of hearing in one ear. Warden, wishing to encourage her enthusiasm for a life of hard labor, presenting her wages of six teeth and 18 centimeters cobalt wire. Girl's mother, knowing such a treasure is making them ripe target for bands of armed thieves, send girl to local rock field where townsfolk hide valuables.
One evening a man was at home watching TV and eating peanuts. He'd toss them in the air, and then catch them in his mouth In the middle of catching one, his wife asked him a question - and as he turned to answer her, a peanut fell in his ear. He tried and tried to dig it out but succeeded in only pushing it in deeper. He called his wife for assistance, and after hours of trying they became worried and decided to go to the hospital. As they were ready to go out the door, their daughter came home with her date. After being informed of the problem, their daughter's date said he could get the peanut out.. The young man told the father to sit down, then proceeded to shove two fingers up the father's nose and told him to blow hard. When the father blew, the peanut flew out of his ear. The mother and daughter jumped and yelled for joy. The young man insisted that it was nothing. Once he was gone, the mother turned to the father and said, 'That's so wonderful! Isn't he smart? What do you think he's going to be when he grows older?' The father replied, 'From the smell of his fingers, our son-in-law.hahaha that's sickeningly goodAn orange peanut?For me?I know this reference!Made my girlfriend literally yell "GROSS, GROSS, GROSS!" Win in my book.That couldn't have gone any better if there was a prize given out at the end.
A man is driving home from a party with his wife and son. They get pulled over at a DUI checkpoint and the policeman gives the man the breathalizer test. The machine beeps and the policeman asks the man to step out of the car. "Bullshit!", he exclaims in response. "I haven't had a single drop! The machine is obviously broken, test it on my wife!" The policeman reluctantly agrees as the man does not seem intoxicated. As the wife is blowing into the breathalizer, it beeps again and shows that she is drunk as well. "See? It doesn't work! You can even test my 4-year-old son!" So the 4-year-old kid takes the breathalizer test and whaddaya know, it says he's drunk as well. "As I said it's broken, you should get it checked." The policeman is left puzzled, he apologises and lets the man on his way. As they start driving along again, the man turns to his wife and says: "You see that? I told you it won't hurt to give the kid a taste."Man gets pulled over by the police. "Sir have you been drinking?" "Yes. 7 beers, 5 shots of tequila and about 4 glasses of wine." "I'm going to ask you to take this breathalizer test." "What! You don't believe me?"A man who had a little too much to drink is driving home from the city one night, and of course, his car is weaving all over the road. A cop pulls him over. "So," says the cop to the driver, "where have ya been?" "Why, I've been to the pub of course," slurs the drunk. "Well," says the cop, "it looks like you've had quite a few to drink this evening." "I did all right," the drunk says with a smile.
At the back woods bum-duck county police station the phone rings... 'Hello, is this the Sheriff's Office?' 'Yes. What can I do for you?' 'Ah'm calling to report 'bout my neighbor Mr. Virgil Smith....ya see sir, he's hidin' marijuana inside all his firewood pieces! Don't quite know how he gets it inside dem logs, but he's a-hidin' it there.' 'Thank you very much for the call, sir.' The next day, the Sheriff's Deputies descend on Virgil's house. They searched the shed where the firewood is kept. Using axes, they bust open every piece of wood, but find no sign of any marijuana. They sneer at Virgil and leave. Shortly, the phone rings at Virgil's house. 'Hey, Virgil! This here's Floyd....Did the Sheriff come?' 'Yup sure did!' 'Did they chop all-a ya'all firewood?' 'Yup!' 'Happy Birthday, buddy!' by mid_nite_poetAn old gentleman lived alone in New Jersey. He wanted to plant his annual tomato garden, but it was very difficult work, as the ground was hard. His only son, Vincent, who used to help him, was in prison. The old man wrote a letter to his son and described his predicament: Dear Vincent, I am feeling pretty sad because it looks like I won't be able to plant my tomato garden this year. I'm just getting too old to be digging up a garden plot. I know if you were here my troubles would be over. I know you would be happy to dig the plot for me, like in the old days. Love, Papa A few days later he received a letter from his son. Dear Papa, Don't dig up that garden. That's where the bodies are buried. Love, Vinnie At 4 a.m. the next morning, FBI agents and local police arrived and dug up the entire area without finding any bodies. They apologized to the old man and left. That same day the old man received another letter from his son. Dear Papa, Go ahead and plant the tomatoes now. That's the best I could do under the circumstances.
Once a DOCTOR and an ENGINEER entered a chocolate store... As they were busy looking around, doctor stole 3 chocolate bars... As they left the store, doctor said to Engineer : "Man! I'm the best thief ever, I stole 3 chocolates and no one saw me. You can't beat that" Engineer replied: "You wanna see something better? Let's go back to the shop and I'll show you real stealing" So they went to the counter and Engineer said to the Shop boy: "Do you wanna see magic..?" The Shop boy replied: "Yes..!!!" Engineer said: "Give me one chocolate bar!" The shop boy gave him one, and he ate it... He asked for the second, and he ate that as well.. He asked for the third, and finished that one too... The shop boy asked: "But where's the magic..?" Engineer replied: "Check in my friend's pocket, and you'll find them..!!!"Good, but I don't see the point of labeling the men as doctor and engineer...it didn't really poke fun at either party's stereotypesAlso... Why did he capitalize the entire words in the title and first line?Evidently, it shows how engineers will eat three chocolates in a row like it was nothing.Yeah, would've been better off with names instead.Would you say he didn't capitalize on the stereotype?DOCTORS are stupid and ENGINEERS are geniuses.Maybe change them to a WHITE GUY and a BLACK GUY?
An attorney arrived home late, after a very tough day trying to get a stay of execution for his death row client. His last minute plea for clemency to the governor had failed and he was feeling worn out and depressed. As soon as he walked through the door at home, his wife started on him about, What time of night to be getting home is this? Where have you been? Dinner is cold and I'm not reheating it'. And on and on and on. Too shattered to play his usual role in this familiar ritual, he poured himself a shot of whiskey and headed off for a long hot soak in the bathtub, pursued by the predictable sarcastic remarks as he dragged himself up the stairs. While he was in the bath, the phone rang. The wife answered and was told that her husband's client, James Wright, had been granted a stay of execution after all. Wright would not be hanged tonight. Finally realizing what a terrible day he must have had, she decided to go up stairs and give him the good news. As she opened the bathroom door, she was greeted by the sight of her husband, bent over naked, drying his legs and feet and said "They're not hanging Wright tonight!" He whirled around and screamed, 'FOR THE LOVE OF GOD WOMAN, DON'T YOU EVER STOP?'"I mean, it won't be happening tonight!" "I DON'T WANT TO HAVE SEX WITH YOU ANYWAY!"if I only had 1000 upvotes to give for a lawyer joke which is not insulting!Now you just need 999 moreNice try counselorwhen I read he would be hanged my intial thought was "hmm this joke needs to be updated, they don't hang anyone anymore." How wrong I was.
Two women are chatting in an office. Woman 1: "I had sex last night, did you?" Woman 2: "Yes." Woman 1: "Was it good?" Woman 2: "No, it was a disaster... my husband came home, ate his dinner in three minutes, got on top of me, finished having sex in five minutes, rolled over and fell asleep in two minutes. How was yours?" Woman 1: "Oh it was amazing! My husband came home and took me out to a romantic dinner. After dinner we walked for an hour. When we came home he lit the candles around the house and we had an hour of foreplay. We then had an hour long session of fantastic sex and afterwards talked for an hour. It was like a fairytale!" At the same time, their husbands are talking at work. Husband 1: "You wanted sex last night, how was it?" Husband 2: "Great. I came home, dinner was on the table, I ate, had sex with my wife and fell asleep. It was great! What about you?" Husband 1: "It was horrible. I came home, there's no dinner because they cut the electricity because I hadn't paid the bill; so I had to take my wife out to dinner which was so expensive that I didn't have money left for a cab. We had to walk home which took an hour - and when we got home I remembered there was no electricity so I had to light candles all over the house! I was so angry that I couldn't get it up for an hour and then I couldn't climax for another hour. After I finally did, I was so aggravated that I couldn't fall asleep and my wife was jabbering away for another hour!"There's a shorter version too: a therapist seeing a married couple asks them separately how often they have sex. The man says, "Almost never, maybe once or twice a week." The woman says, "All the time, at least once or twice a week."This joke is from Annie Hall.Film version.Sounds funny hearing Canadians say out... lolholy crap that was taking way too long. If they'd just talked a bit faster, that skit could've been a minute.
A man decides to have a face-lift for his birthday. He spends $5,000 and feels really good about the results. On his way home, he stops at a newsstand and buys a paper. Before leaving, he says to the sales clerk, "I hope you don't mind me asking, but how old do you think I am?" "About 35," was the reply. "I'm actually 47," the man says, feeling really happy. After that, he goes into McDonalds for lunch and asks the clerk the same question. The reply is, "Oh, you look about 29". "I'm really 47!", he says, feeling better than ever. Later, while standing at a bus stop, he asks an old woman the same question. She replies, "I am 85 years old, and my eyesight is going. But when I was young, there was a sure way of telling a man's age. If I put my hand down your pants and play with your balls for 10 minutes, I will be able to tell you your exact age." As there was no one around, the man thinks, What the hell and lets her slip her hand down his pants. Ten minutes later, the old lady says, "Okay, it's done. You are 47." Stunned, the man says, "That was brilliant. How did you do that?" The old lady replies, "I was standing behind you at McDonalds." Edit: Fixed a bitI've heard this before, but with a woman instead of a man and an old guy fondled her breasts instead. Funny thing is that both of them overhear the face-lift patient at a McDonalds. Must be a happening place.Especially for recent face-lift patients.The version I heard was a man saying to a woman that he can tell when she was born after fondling her breasts. After ten minutes she gets frustrated and says, "When was I born then?!" The man replies, "Yesterday."That version kind of makes more sense. Do women really want to play with a guy's balls for 10 minutes?
It's late fall and the Indians on a remote reservation in South Dakota asked their new chief if the coming winter was going to be cold or mild. Since he was a chief in a modern society, he had never been taught the old secrets. When he looked at the sky, he couldn't tell what the winter was going to be like. Nevertheless, to be on the safe side, he told his tribe that the winter was indeed going to be cold and that the members of the village should collect firewood to be prepared. But, being a practical leader, after several days, he got an idea. He went to the phone booth, called the National Weather Service and asked, 'Is the coming winter going to be cold?' 'It looks like this winter is going to be quite cold,' the meteorologist at the weather service responded. So the chief went back to his people and told them to collect even more firewood in order to be prepared. A week later, he called the National Weather Service again. 'Does it still look like it is going to be a very cold winter?' 'Yes,' the man at National Weather Service again replied, 'it's going to be a very cold winter.' The chief again went back to his people and ordered them to collect every scrap of firewood they could find. Two weeks later, the chief called the National Weather Service again. 'Are you absolutely sure that the winter is going to be very cold?' 'Absolutely,' the man replied. 'It's looking more and more like it is going to be one of the coldest winters we've ever seen.' 'How can you be so sure?' the chief asked. The weatherman replied,'The Indians are collecting a shitload of firewood'This joke is awesome"The Indian chief fainted"What is it with old people and ruining perfectly good jokes with shitty double punchlines?There were no survivors. Services for the Indian chief will be on Friday at 7. The weatherman will be accepting visitors at the hospital between 6 and 8.The joke was funny, but this reply actually made me laugh out loud, ironically.
