I decided to post this partially because I'm interested in reaction to this (as I've never told anyone before) and also to see what out-there fucked up things you've done. The sort of things that make you question your own sanity, your own worth. Surely I can't be alone. 40,700 comments, 12,900 upvotes. You're all a part of Reddit history right here. Thanks everyone for your contributions. You've made this what it is. This is my secret. What's yours? ^edit: Obligatory: Fuck the front page. I'm reading every single comment, so keep those juicy secrets coming. ^edit2: Man some of you are fucked up. That's awesome. A lot of you seem to be contemplating suicide too, that's not as awesome. In fact... kinda not awesome at all. Go talk to someone, and get help for that shit. The rest of you though, fuck man. Fuck. ^edit3: Well, this has blown up. The #3 post of all time on Reddit. I hope you like your dirty laundry aired. Cheers everyone.Two and a half years ago I was in dire financial straights, so I sold my home to keep my struggling business afloat. I neglected to tell the owners that they have an 800 sq. ft. bunker on the property that I built about seven years ago. The bunker that I've called home since I sold it. The entrance to it is well-hidden, but I still come and go very early/very late in the day. I'm a single man who keeps to himself. I'm now in a situation where I could move somewhere else, but I love this hidden paradise so much.Can you post a pic of the bunker? I kinda want to see what it looks likeThat is so. fucking. awesome.So I'm assuming you're stealing their wifi right now?
Here is a compilation of the top 80 real life cheat codes written by reddit community. PLEASE NOTE THAT THE FOLLOWING LIST IS COMPLETELY BASED OF THE COMMENTS ON REDDIT, COMMENTS (INCLUDING ADDITIONAL EDITS TO THEM) HAVE BEEN COPIED AND PASTED VERBATIM (INCLUDING "EDITS"). PLEASE LOOK AT THE COMMENTS OF THIS POST FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION REGARDING THESE TIPS AND REALISE THAT THEY MAY NOT BE ACCURATE, HAVE NEGATIVE CONSEQUENCES, OR ARE COMPLETELY RIDICULOUS. The original submission created 2 years ago by Lurial Number Cheat #0 This is a compilation of tips from the internet and although everything on the internet is true, check the comments below and do you're own research before attempting them. #1 Permalink Stop: Stop: Play. Skip advertisements in movies and go straight to the movie. #2 Permalink Dial 0 during most automatic menu phone systems to be taken to operator to route your call. also, mashing buttons may work as well. Whenever you have a voice automated phone system, typically saying "representative" gets you someone right away. Update In regards to Cheat Code # 2 I recommend this site: http://gethuman.com/ #3 Permalink keep a spare car key in your wallet/purse. If you have a bulky Key that won't fit in your wallet, get a key made that doesn't have the electronic chip on it. It will still unlock the car, it just won't start it. changed by popular request Risk Update: if your wallet is stolen they have your car key. All they need to do is go to your house some time later and take your car out of your driveway. #4 Permalink Riding a bicycle will save you lots of money on gas, parking, medical bills, and gym memberships. #5 Permalink If you are speeding and suddenly up ahead see a cop that clearly just tagged you, slow down and wave to him/her. Your odds of being pulled over are quite a bit reduced. #6 Permalink Don't be rude, but NEVER answer any cops questions when they call you in for questioning. #7 Permalink when getting lectured into voice mail, hit 1, pause momentarily. If you aren't put through immediately, hit *, pause. Finally, hit # if neither 1 or * worked. It is called the 1-star-pound technique, and it works for all cell carriers. #8 Permalink If your credit card magnetic stripe starts to get worn from use and being in your wallet, and doesn't always read in the card reader, you can use the plastic bag trick. Put the card in a plastic grocery bag and then swipe it. Not sure why it works, but it does.Taking it further though, you can simply apply a piece of quality cellophane tape over the mag stripe for a "permanent" plastic bag trick. #9 Permalink At the end of your shower turn the water really (or all the way) cold. This will wake you up and get blood flowing. Update 9: It also closes your pores to allow for less dirt and bacteria to get in to help reduce acne problems. #10 Permalink Macy's credit cards usually have a 20% discount on purchases. I pay with the Macy's card, then while still at the register, I immediately pay off the charge with my debit card. I just got 20% off my purchase and I never get a credit card bill. - this also works with JCP and kohl's cards. #11 Permalink When you buy something online, you usually get a chance to enter a promo code before you purchase. Google the promo codes. They're out there - you can get anything from free shipping to 25% off the purchase. #12 Permalink Turn it off, then on again. #13 Permalink Buy things out of season, this can save you money. Unless its food, then buy it in season. #14 Permalink When you have forgotten someones name, simply say : "I'm sorry, but what was your name one more time." They may act offended, but when they give you there first name you simply reply "No, I meant your last name." (more socially acceptable to forget). Bingo. First and last names. #15 Permalink When eating buffalo wings, the flat portions. You can detach the smaller bone on one end very easily, then twist it a bit and it will just slide out. You're now left with a big hunk of meat and only 1 bone, you can just bite it off into your mouth in one piece, flintstones-style. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BRcOY-PvOC8 #16 Permalink Gently work an orange in your hands to loosen the peel from the fruit. This makes it easy enough to get the whole peel in one shot. #17 Permalink Can't find your car in a parking lot? hitting the lock button trying to get it to beep? Extend the distance of key-less entry by putting the key under your chin. The signal will resonate in your skull increasing the range dramatically. I swear to god this works, and I'm told it's safe because the radiation is non-ionizing. verification notice from ddrt via AskReddit sent 20 hours ago 9 is called the scottish shower. Just sayin' EDIT: I just tried #17 holy shit it works! #18 Permalink If you get a ticket on the windshield of your car, you can potentially get away with parking illegally in the same lot for the rest of the day by keeping the ticket on your windshield. edited reduced from a few days for a single day. #19 Permalink Most tinfoil and saran wrap boxes have little push-in tabs on the sides. If you push them in, the roll won't fall out when you try to rip out a sheet of it. #20 Permalink Keep a list of all of the credit card phone numbers (1-800) in your cell phone. This way, if your wallet is ever lost, you can call them immediately to have them disabled. It's also a good idea to place all of the cards in your wallet on a copier and print a page to keep at home. This will give you access to your License #, etc. Update: You should update 20. If you lose your wallet.. as in misplace it.. put a hold on your credit cards. Do NOT cancel. If you cancel it can later show up on your credit report. If you believe you are going to find it later, placing a hold saves you the red mark on your report. #21 Permalink If you are driving an unfamiliar car and you don't know which side the gas tank is on, just look at the little pump icon next to the gas gauge on the dashboard. The pump handle on the icon will be on the side of the tank. Update: saw the gas tank one on an older reddit, turns out the handle thing is not consistant. But there IS usually a little arrow next to the icon. Second Update 99% of the time the gas door is opposite of the tailpipe. So far, I have only found that early-mid 2000 Pontiac Vibes break this trend. Third update if there is no arrow, then it most likely is on the passenger's side. I've yet to see one without an arrow that wasn't on the passenger's side #22 Permalink this tip was unpopular, so im changing it This one changed my life. If you're at home/work/party or GOD forbid your girlfriend's house and the toilet starts to overflow, take the lid off the back reservoir part and lift the long handle as far up as it will go. The water will stop rising and then you can quietly mutter curses at it till it goes back down (which it does, more often than not...) link to a Diagram: http://superhomeideas.com/images/toilet.gif #23 Permalink to peel a boiled egg, roll it around on your plate for a while until all of the eggshell is cracked evenly. Then it's easy to remove the complete shell at once. After you boil eggs immediately place them in ice cold water for a few minutes. No vinegar or salt or oil or whatever people use. Shells slip right off #24 Permalink you spill any liquid that will stain on your carpet (red wine, juice, etc), pour some salt on it. Work it into the carpet - just rub it in with your hands. Leave it there for a few hours (for serious stains, up to a day) and vacuum it out. Voila, stain gone. #25 Permalink If you park in a large parking garage/shopping centre, get out and take a photo on your cell phone of the nearest parking sign (Area B2, etc). You will never lose your car again. #26 Permalink If you drive stick and the battery s dead, get some friends, put the key to the on position, put the car in 2nd and push the clutch down. have your friends push your car. when you get a decent speed going let the clutch up. (this is called "Popping the clutch." your car with start and you can drive around for a while to recharge your battery(provided nothing is wrong with the battery or the alternator). Update thanks for the input guys, i switched it from 1st gear to 2nd gear. #27 Permalink Tapping on the top of a beer or soda can will make it fizz less! This has been proven wrong in the comment section but you can tap the side of the can to get rid of the bubbles/fizz as seen here so the can doesn't explode. #28 Permalink Peel a banana from the bottom, which is one of r/sciences 2nd highest scoring link of all time! http://www.reddit.com/r/science/top/?t=all #29 Permalink 4,2,3,1 -- Vending machine cheat code. (As in, the vertical buttons machines, like this one http://i.imgur.com/9jJTG.jpg ). will grant access to vending machine's diagnostic menu. most times the fun features are disabled, but i've gotten a free powerade and a couple cokes in the past. #30 Permalink use this at your own risk Re: #30, I worked as a parking enforcement officer during college and we can tell when it's fake. The fine for this offense (at the university I worked at) was $250, and usually a ban from parking at the university (i.e., booted or towed on sight). College Parking Cheat Code: Anyone who's gone to a college or university knows they usually charge a ridiculous amount of money for parking (usually $300+ for a semester pass or $10+ for the daily passes), a service that should fucking be free for students considering the high cost of education. Fuck them. Buy one daily pass at the beginning of the school year (usually a small paper ticket printed out a machine on the lot), take it home and scan it, photoshop the date for tomorrow, and print. Repeat for the next 4 years. Anyone with even the most rudimentary photoshop skills can pull this off convincingly. Even if your printer is shitty, from behind the tint and glare of a car windshield, it might as well be a 7-11 receipt. I did this for 2 years at a UC and saved hundreds of dollars. The new list of real-life cheat codes based on the top scoring comments from both the new list created by MrCassiBro and the old list Number Cheat #31 Permalink When you go to a restaurant where they bring you your drink in a cup/glass, ask for no ice or for ice on the side. Often what they do is load your drink with ice so that it seems as if there's more in there, especially at bars. #32 Permalink When you pour soda, pour it along the side of the cup instead of directly into it - like they do at bars. This keeps alot of the "fizzyness" in the drink and as a result, it keeps a lot of the texture and flavor. #33 Permalink If you need to withdraw more money than your limit, if you do it quickly enough, you can withdraw your limit twice from the same ATM and sometimes the one next to it before it stops you from withdrawing any more. #34 Permalink If you back up the toilet at work or someones house with no plunger available, look for liquid hand soap. Dump some in the toilet and wait about five minutes and flush again. The soap lubricates the nasties so they'll flush away. If its still clogged, find a way to dump hot water in the toilet, as it can have the same effect. Use the trash can or something. If its still clogged, kick the door open and run like hell. Find a new job or new friends. You just left their toilet full of hot soapy shit soup, you asshole. #35 Permalink When I am in a large shopping centre (mall) I take a photo of the information board on my phone so I can look up how to get to stores without having to go back to the board #36 Permalink When commenting on something, whether it be reddit, facebook, etc. finish typing your comment, stop, re-read it twice and then ask yourself what you are trying to accomplish with said comment before posting. #37 Permalink When you finish showering, use your hand as a squeegee(?) To get excess water off your body. It makes drying much faster and your towel will also be dry sooner. #38 Permalink Don't be a dick #39 Permalink if you gently rock back and forth while pooping it will take significantly less time and make it easier to pass more "troublesome" movements. Best. Lifehack. Ever. #40 Permalink Try and get in good with the clerks/secretaries of where ever you work or do business. Those are the people who can most easily cover your ass when you fuck up. #50 Permalink 1st Date Cheat Code for MEN: Never tell a girl where you’re going or how to dress. Instead, tell her to "dress for a first date with a guy she really likes". Now, pick three places you'd like to go: someplace fun and active (bowling, pool, mini golf, go-kart racing, ballgame, etc), something romantic and classy (nice restaurant, upscale lounge, art gallery opening) and something in between (nice bar, coffee shop, comedy club). Now, when you pick her up, let the way she's dressed decide which you’re going to do: If she's wearing something sexy and revealing (dress, high heels, low cut top, etc.) than she wants to go somewhere classy and romantic. If she's sporting some jeans, tennis shoes or flip-flops, and a tee, the bowling ally or pool hall may be a good bet. If she's wearing jeans, high heeled boots, and nice top or blouse, than she's not really jonesing for the super romance treatment, and she put in more effort than mini golf deserves (eighteen holes of mini golf in heels... seriously?), so a comedy club or some place with live music is a good choice. And never, EVER, do a movie on the first date! EDIT: Men: You're going to wear a pair of CLEAN, NEAT jeans, a pressed stylish LONG sleeve button down shirt, nice shoes or boots (try to avoid tennis shoes of sneakers). Works for ANY occasion! #51 Permalink If you don't know if a baby is a boy or a girl ask the baby "Whats your name?" And the parent will answer. That way no angry mom or dad getting mad because you cant tel because they dress there baby in green. #52 Permalink Wear a condom #53 Permalink On flights, if you are fighting for an arm rest with a stranger. bring your arm (the one thats on the same side the arm rest you want) up to your mouth and sneeze/cough. Then place it by the armrest. The other person will move their arm. Has had 100% success rate. #53 Permalink To stop a sneeze, tickle the roof of your mouth with your tongue. #55 Permalink Avoid forgetting something in the morning by placing it in your shoes. (works best if you wear the same pair every day.) #56 Permalink Give yourself half an hour of downtime in the morning, between being ready to leave and leaving, and your day won't feel so rushed. #57 Permalink Simply put: Don't ever overlay your reality onto someone else's reality. Example: Person A: "Oh man, I'm having a really hard time recently, I can't seem to get along with my mom." Person B: "Yeah, I know how that is, I just talked to my mom yesterday, and she was like...." etc. Let Person A reflect on their moment of hardship, stand back, listen, be there for them, but don't interject with your own thoughts/emotions about your own situation. #58 Permalink When you're talking to someone and can't tell if they are interested in the subject/their mind is elsewhere, cross your arms. If they cross theirs as well, they are truly listening. #59 Permalink Men of all shapes and sizes: Wear clothing that fits. Nothing looks trashier than a guy wearing a shirt two sizes too big or a pair of uncomfortable looking pants. This applies to fat guys too, don't try to hide your flub by wearing large t-shirts and jackets as they only make you look bigger! Instead get fitted and wear clothing that fits you. #60 Permalink Listen to music when doing stuff by yourself, it will make the most mundane task feel awesome. #61 Permalink If you want to get into a sold out concert simply go to the store and buy two bags of ice. Walk up to the front of the line and say, "I'm the ice guy". Free concert, minus the price of the ice. #62 Permalink If you are quitting something e.g. smoking, drinking etc. Everytime you feel the urge to do said addiction : Go for a run, do 20 sit ups, 20 push ups etc. This way you can start to associate exercise with quitting and you get fitter the more you quit which can make you feel better #63 Permalink Shut the fuck up. Wait for the lawyer. #64 Permalink No matter where you are in public, make it a habit of noting every reflective surface around you. Usually you can find one that gives a decent view of who is behind you. If you're at work, strategically place cds or other reflective objects so you can always see whose standing behind you in your cube. #65 Permalink ↑ ↑ ↓ ↓ ← → ← → B A Start #66 Permalink Don't waste money buying expensive binoculars. Simply stand closer to the object you wish to view. #67 Permalink Before you take a dookie, throw in a piece or two of toilet paper in the toilet bowl to reduce/avoid splasing and that kerplunk noise. #68 Permalink Women can push the poop out with their fingers properly inserted into their vagina. #69 Permalink If you're shaving your balls, try to maintain an erection during the entire shave. The whole job is a lot easier with your penis out of the way. #70 Permalink If you have crushing chest pain, call 911 first. Then chew some aspirin. I work in cardiology. #71 Permalink When you eat hard shell taco's, do it over your nachos. That way when they disintegrate, you can eat the bits you lost with your nachos. #72 Permalink If you need to store cookies or pastries for a few days in a tupperware or other type of container, to prevent them from getting dry and brittle, put a piece of bread in the container right along with the cookies. It will keep them very soft and moist. Sometimes, if you burn the cookies a little and they seem very tough and crunchy, leaving them in a container with the bread over night will actually soften them up and make them better than when they came out of the oven! #73 Permalink Kill a boner within 30 seconds by squeezing your thighs together really tight. (Guys only). #74 Permalink Walk on the sides of stairs to avoid/reduce creaks. #75 Permalink Talk to everyone like you would your best mate, and smile. #76 Permalink Sprinkle some salt on your napkin coaster at the bar.. your beer won't stick to it EVERY FUGGIN TIME.... #77 Permalink To get through tech support quickly with an ISP, choose the option for becoming a new customer. Then when you get there ask to transfer to tech support. Usually they won't put you on hold because they see the number coming from the new customer line. #78 Permalink Pull on your hair in the shower, if it squeaks you already shampooed it. #79 Permalink Don't announce that you are having a kid till the second trimester. #80 Permalink When studying arts at university, take notes on your prof's political/philosophical ideologies and worldviews. Regurgitate in essays and on exams for an A grade. Also, margins, font, font size, etc. are incredibly important. Never neglect these. #81 Permalink Never include #41-#49 in a list of real-life cheat codes on reddit. Some things to remember: If you liked a tip, upvote its original author. It's only fair. It took me over an hour to complete this so please be polite when suggesting corrections. Check out other real-life cheats in each thread since I didn't include all of them here. I don't get karma for this, it's a self-post. Reddit Enhancement Suite Reddit has a save feature so that you don't need to comment on this thread to find it later. Shameless Plug: r/askedreddit is a community that posts updates to posts on AskReddit so you can find out what happened easily.Tell Kids-r-us that the due date is one month earlier than it really is. Otherwise they send you awesome coupons for the shit you already bought.As an ex-employee of Babies R Us, I can confirm this. They send coupons 3-5 weeks before your "due date."This is actually a good one and should be included! Much better than empty a trash can and splash poop water on yourself because you ate an entire buffalo before going to someone else's house to defecate.Awesome list, thanks. Adding to #25- I take a cell pic of my hotel room key held up next to my hotel door number. Time shift to later on when Drunkie McStumbleshome needs to know where to go and what replacement key to beg for. I also take a pic of my car keys in my hand next to my valet ticket that I will soon lose.
I like the one about the Rugrats. Ever wondered just how Angelica could talk to the babies? Angelica is the only one who can talk to the babies because they are a figment of her imagination. She is spoilt, sad and lonely, because her Mother is constantly working and has no time for her. Her relationship with her Dad is superficial and unsubstantial, no real love is ever shown to her. So how did it come about that Angelica would have to imagine these babies? Tommy died soon after child birth, a fact reflected by Stu never leaving the basement, inventing toys that his son will never play with. Chuckie died in the car crash along with his Mum, also reflected in the actions of his father; the crash has made him a pathetic nervous wreck most of the time. Most interesting is Phil and Lil. There never where any twins, there was just one baby. However this baby was a still born, and Angelica never knew the sex of the still born, so she invented twins of different genders. Sadly, Angelica never uses her imaginary friends to comfort or entertain her, instead she is mean and nasty to them. She has invented this relationship with these babies so she can vent her frustrations of being a spoilt, lonely brat who has seen much hardship from these unfortunate parents; frustrations that can't be satisfied by a typical childhood relationship with a doll, albeit a Cynthia one. EDIT: Wow. Went to bed and there was about 25 upvotes. Woke up and now there's quite a lot more, and a subreddit created! Great success! Will read them all, goosebumps will be had. And I know that the majority of these theories aren't water-tight (including mine...), but come on, it's fun to speculate! EDIT II: I have realized how my question could be interpreted the wrong way, hence numerous and humorous links to this. Indeed, my mind is blown. EDIT III: OK I'm heading off now, and by the time I get back this thread will have disappeared into the depths of Askreddit. Thanks for the amazing response! I know my theory was rubbish, but there are some absolutely amazing ones, my favorite being the Kill Bill one. Bill is not dead!. Don't forget to check out and post in /r/fantheories!I read a theory about Courage the Cowardly Dog that said that Courage is actually a normal dog and he sees the world through a dog's eyes. All the villains in the show are just normal people, but to a little dog they seem scary. They don't actually live in the middle of Nowhere, but since his owners are too old to take him outside for walks, he only knows what's around his immediate property, and everything beyond that is nothing because he's never seen it.This is a good theory. Also explains why Courage always feels like he has to "protect" his owners from all the scary things, even though the owners are very nonchalant about all of the situations, and act like everything is normal and Courage is freaking out for apparently no reason.Good theory, I think that was sort of evident, if I recall correctly some of the villians were doctors (veterinarians) and such
For clarification: http://www.eurodezigns.com/images/ligthts-on.jpgSo a little of a personal story here. I happen to have a very common hispanic name, also I served in the Marines who on two different occasions lost personal information of mine to include my social security number. The state of Florida was able to pull $25K out of my personal bank account with only my very common last name and social. It was for someone trying to collect way past due child support. Neither Florida Child Support Collections or Bank of America bothered to check the first or middle name on the account. Much less the birthday, residence, or any other personal information. This all happened with out any notification. All the sudden I had nothing in my account, and it was up to me to figure out how to live for the next 3 months while BOA and Florida unfucked my shit. I realize its hard to pin down some of these worthless child support dodging assholes, but that does not mean that you can just remove funds from an account without matching every detail. Fortunately I have friends and family who helped me get a lawyer, and float me some money until all of this was figured out. However without them, I would have been up shit creek without a paddle. Sorry for the long story. Edit: Spelling
Obviously im going to use one. Back in highschool i dated a girl for 6 months before she decided it wasn't working out anymore and she cheated on me with about 6 guys and stole my iPhone and wallet to buy drugs. I wanted to report her to the police like my parents encouraged me to and to prevent me from doing such her brother jumped me while I was walking home with his friends and busted open my lip pretty badly and threatened to kill me if i reported him or his sister (this is South Florida, so i believed he would do it). My dad got a new job and we moved to a new city but i was still pissed about this whole situation so i did the next best thing. I created two fake facebook account of a random hot girl and guy, spent some time making it look legit with friends and such and added her brother on facebook with the girl and my ex with the guy. It wasnt too long before he started flirting "me" up and tried his best to get in this girls pants. on the other hand, having already courted my now ex i knew exactly what to say to charm her to the point that she was in love with me. This is where it all begins to get fun. I started a sexting relationship between the brother and sister with me as the intermediate thanks to google voice. Both of them had fairly typical south florida bodies so nothing really gave anything away and i did a fair amount of photoshopping to remove identifiers in the room that may give away anything. This went on for about a month and a half totaling about 200 or so nudes between the two of them when i decided to reveal the curtain and send a group of unedited pictures that included key identifiers (face and rooms). Oh holy jesus how shit went down. I only wish i had some way to see how they reacted. Friends who still lived there told me her brother moved in with his dad that week and that they no longer spoke. All in all, about 4 months till i got my revenge but it was amazing. EDIT: YOU GODDAMN SONS OF BITCHES. Someone told my Ex about it and now she finally knows forsure that it was me. HAHAHAH. Sucks for her i now live 2000 miles away for college but jesus christ reddit. Dont go shooting your mouth off.Friend and I were fishing at a local creek when my friends brother pulled up. Being the dick he normally was he started throwing rocks in the creek to scare the fish and then he threw my friends bike in the creek. We were 13 at the time, my friend was crying and I felt so bad. I jumped into the creek and got his bike out, told him we would get his brother back. About a month later we were fishing again and it was the dead of summer. I told my friend today is the day we get his brother back. Caught a 2/3 pound carp, threw it up on the side of the bank and left it there until we were done fishing. At the end of the night went back to his place his brothers car was sitting on the street, we took the carp sliced it open and threw it under the drivers seat and rolled his windows 3/4 up. The next morning when we woke and left I forgot about what we had done. Well when I rode past JT's car I noticed the window was kind of black and then I took a closer look it was covered in flies. I actually got scared because I did not expect to a window caked with flies. By the time I got home I was laughing in tears because his brother was always such a dick to us. Fast forward to baseball practice about 3 days later, friend had a black eye but smiled at me when we made eye contact. His brother flipped out and ran into his house and punched him in the face. His mom flipped out on his brother, brother was grounded for the rest of summer. His mom said that my friend would never do such a thing and he played along and acted as if he had no idea. Apparently the smell never really left the car. We nicknamed his brother lord of the flies.
Edit: (Woah obligatory front page) Thanks chefs, cooks and homecookers- lots of great tips! Here are some of the top tips: Use good tools- Things are better and easier when you use good pans and knives. Whenever you're sautéing, frying, or wok-ing don't crowd the pan. Prep all of your stuff before starting to cook. Read the whole recipe before you begin cooking. Meat continues cooking after you take it off the grill Butter Awesome steak technique from ironicouch "My friend's mother taught me how to cook steak a few months back, so far it has not failed me. You have to make sure your steak is dry, use a paper towel to dry it off. Heat the skillet before putting the steak on, you want to hear it sizzle when you place it in the pan. Rub the steak down with just a little olive oil and some sea salt and then place it in the pan for until it starts browning, so it doesn't take long on the stove, then put in the oven at 400 degrees F, for 10 minutes or even less depending on how rare you like it. Everyone has their own method, but this was the simplest way I have heard it being made, and it always tastes fantastic." Another great steak cooking tip from FirstAmendAnon "Alright, this is a great method, but leaves out a few important details. Here's the skinny on getting you perfect steakhouse quality steaks at home: Buy a thick cut of meat like a porterhouse. If its more than 2" thick it's usually better. Look for a lot of marbling (little white lines of fat through the meat). The more the better. Stick the meat unwrapped on a rack in the fridge overnight (watch out for cross-contamination! make sure your fridge is clean). This ages the meat and helps dry it out. Then like an hour before you cook take it out of the fridge, pat it down with paper towels, and leave it out until your ready to season. Preheat your oven to really hot, like 500F, and stick your (ovensafe!) pan in there. That will ensure your pan is super hot and get a sear on your meat quickly. Season both sides of the steak with coarse salt and like a teaspoon of oil. I find peanut oil to be better than olive oil but it doesn't really make much difference. Pan out of the oven using a thick oven mitt. Stick your steak in there, it should hiss loudly and start to sear immedietly. This is the goodness. 2 minutes on both sides, then stick about three tablespoons of room temperature butter and three sprigs of fresh rosemary on top of the steak and throw that baby in the oven. after about 3 minutes, open the oven (there will be lots of smoke, run your fan), and flip the steak. 2 or three more minutes, pull it out. If you like it more on the well done side, leave it a little longer. Do not leave it for more than like 5 minutes because you might as well just make hamburgers. Take it off the heat. Using a wooden spoon or large soup spoon tilt the pan and repeatedly spoon the butter and juices onto the steak. Baste in all its glory. Let the meat rest for about five minutes. I use that time to make the plate prettified. Mash potatoes or cheesy grits on the bottom. Brussel sprouts on the side. Maybe some good goats cheese on top of the steak. Be creative. This method is guaranteed to produce a bomb diggity steak. Like, blowjob-inducing 100% of the time. It's really high-heat and ingredient driven though, so be careful, and spend that extra $5 on the good cut of meat. EDIT: As a couple of people below have mentioned, a well-seasoned cast iron pan is best for this method. Also, the 5th bullet is slightly unclear. You take the hot pan out of the oven, place it on the stovetop with the stovetop on full heat, and sear the steak for 2min ish on both sides. Then cut off the stovetop and put the steak in the oven."Whatever you're sautéing, don't crowd the pan. Get a bigger pan or cook in batches but the reason your potatoes/veggies/etc. aren't getting brown and crispy is because they're drowning in their own juice.I can confirm this. I am not getting a tan because I keep drowning in my own juices. SOURCE: Is a Potatojust to clarify, they are doing nothing but giving up juice because the excess food has brought the temp of the pan down too low. another tip to help this, naturally, is to try not to use really cold ingredients like steak right out of the fridge.A falling knife has no handle.
If you have no idea what I'm talking about: Original Post from three months ago and Update 1. HuffPo Writeup TLDR: I traveled. Reddit gave me things to do. I did them Hey Reddit, I've had a crazy, crazy summer and have you guys to thank. My travels brought me across the US and Canada, through rural Thailand, to Seoul and Sydney. Over the last three months I have met hundreds of redditors and gone on some cool adventures. Highlights include: Carwashing for oliversmom - you can read more about Oliver here Mr. Duck Stickers left everywhere Portrait painted Help a dude move Barcraft, Seattle Weeding (Zajoba pictured) Aerial Tour, Seattle Motion Capture for Valve Ride an Elephant Teaching English, Thailand GSL Code S Final, Seoul Tastosis signatures for Redditor John the Translator Picture for a redditor couple Interview Moving a couch: hardmode, Denver Giant spiders in Australia Pubcrawl, Sydney Forensics guest lecture, Sydney Toured the NYSE Rocket Museum, Huntsville Rappeling Eat a "Gripper", Calgary Attend the 100th Calgary Stampede (also, barcraft) Waterfight, Calgary Bobsledding, Calgary Letters, Edmonton (yet to be delivered) Originally I was planning on traveling through till the end of July but surprise tooth ache had me grounded early (turns out I need my wisdom teeth removed). I've been home for the last week, catching up on sleep and getting organized for the upcoming school year (which starts next week). I also donated the money I raised (via reddit) for filming costs since I managed to stay underbudget all trip (mainly by living off of the hospitality of redditors instead of staying in hostels). I'm interested in doing something similar next summer, but on a bigger scale/actually organized. Something where you could vote on where to send me a on week to week basis. In the mean time I'm going to work on turning the footage I took this summer into something (short documentary or music video or something). I just wanted to thank everyone once again, -Daniel / 'Reddit Travel Guy' EDIT: I'll be doing an AMA this Sunday starting at noon PST Obligatory link to the subreddit I kept Preview of footage from thailandI declare you the Most Interesting Man on Reddit.I don't always travel the world, but when I do I help ALL the redditors.What was the best thing that happened to you on your journey?The re-occuring extreme hospitality of people I met. I slept on the couches/spare beds/floors of complete strangers at least 10 times and not once had a bad experience. Four different people offered me use of their cars. And there was free beer.When people my age (oldish) start complaining about young people, I will tell them about you and your use of technology and communication, and hopefully give them the hope for the future that you have given me. Thank you.
So I've been watching HBO's Rome and Generation Kill simultaneously and it's lead me to fantasize about traveling back in time with modern troops and equipment to remove that self-righteous little twat Octavian (Augustus) from power. Let's say we go back in time with a Marine Expeditionary Unit (MEU), since the numbers of members and equipment is listed for our convenience in this Wikipedia article, could we destroy all 30 of Augustus' legions? We'd be up against nearly 330,000 men since each legion was comprised of 11,000 men. These men are typically equipped with limb and torso armor made of metal, and for weaponry they carry swords, spears, bows and other stabbing implements. We'd also encounter siege weapons like catapults and crude incendiary weapons. We'd be made up of about 2000 members, of which about half would be participating in ground attack operations. We can use our four Abrams M1A1 tanks, our artillery and mechanized vehicles (60 Humvees, 16 armored vehicles, etc), but we cannot use our attack air support, only our transport aircraft. We also have medics with us, modern medical equipment and drugs, and engineers, but we no longer have a magical time-traveling supply line (we did have but the timelords frowned upon it, sadly!) that provides us with all the ammunition, equipment and sustenance we need to survive. We'll have to succeed with the stuff we brought with us. So, will we be victorious? I really hope so because I really dislike Octavian and his horrible family. Getting Atia will be a bonus. Edit - Prufrock451 Big thanks to Prufrock451 for bringing this scenario to life in a truly captivating and fascinating manner. Prufrock clearly has a great talent, and today it appears that he or she has discovered that they possess the ability to convey their imagination - and the brilliant ideas it contains - to people in a thoroughly entertaining and exciting way. You have a wonderful talent, Prufrock451, and I hope you are able to use it to entertain people beyond Reddit and the internet. Thank you for your tremendous contribution to this thread. Mustard-Tiger Wow! Thank you for gifting me Reddit Gold! I feel like a little kid who's won something cool, like that time my grandma made me a robot costume out of old cereal boxes and I won a $10 prize that I spent on a Thomas the Tank Engine book! That might seem as if I'm being unappreciative, but watching this topic grow today and seeing people derive enjoyment from all the different ideas and scenarios that have been put forward by different posters has really made my day, and receiving Reddit Gold from Mustard-Tiger is the cherry on the top that has left me feeling just as giddy as that little kid who won a voucher for a bookshop. Again, thank you very much, Mustard-Tiger. I'm sure I will make good use of Reddit Gold. Thank you to all the posters who've recommended books, comics and movies about alternative histories and time travel. I greatly appreciate being made aware of the types of stories and ideas that I really enjoy reading or watching. It's always nice to receive recommendations from people who share your interest in the same things. Edit - In my head the magical resupply system only included sustenance, ammo and replacement equipment like armor. Men and vehicles would not be replaced if they died or were destroyed. I should have made that clear in my OP. Okay, let's remove the magical resupply line, instead replacing it with enough equipment and ammo to last for, say, 6 months. Could we destroy all of the Roman Empire in that space of time before our modern technological advantages ceased to function owing to a lack of supplies? Edit 3 - Perhaps I've over estimated the capabilities of the Roman forces. If we remove the tanks and artillery will we still win? We now have troops, their weapons, vehicles for mobility (including transport helicopters), medics and modern medicine, and engineers and all the other specialists needed to keep a MEU functional.DAY 1 The 35th MEU is on the ground at Kabul, preparing to deploy to southern Afghanistan. Suddenly, it vanishes. The section of Bagram where the 35th was gathered suddenly reappears in a field outside Rome, on the west bank of the Tiber River. Without substantially prepared ground under it, the concrete begins sinking into the marshy ground and cracking. Colonel Miles Nelson orders his men to regroup near the vehicle depot - nearly all of the MEU's vehicles are still stripped for air transport. He orders all helicopters airborne, believing the MEU is trapped in an earthquake. Nelson's men soon report a complete loss of all communications, including GPS and satellite radio. Nelson now believes something more terrible has occurred - a nuclear war and EMP which has left his unit completely isolated. Only a few men have realized that the rest of Bagram has vanished, but that will soon become apparent as the transport helos begin circling the 35th's location. Within an hour, the 2,200 Marines have regrouped, stunned. They are not the only moderns transported to Rome. With them are about 150 Air Force maintenance and repair specialists. There are about 60 Afghan Army soldiers, mostly the MEU's interpreters and liaisons. There are also 15 U.S. civilian contractors and one man, Frank Delacroix, who has spoken to no one but Colonel Nelson.
I just went through the LAX security line with Marilyn Manson. He had "FUCK" scrawled in large letters across the bottom half of his face, with what appeared to be a grease pencil. As we each removed our boots in the security line, he kindly explained that it was not directed at me or anyone else in the airport, but rather at the paparazzi, so that they couldn't sell any photos of him that they took. He was really apologetic about it, and covered his mouth around young children while apologizing to their parents for exposing their child to profanity. Reddit, what weird brief celebrity encounters have you had? Edit: wow. Got on my flight home with 50 upvotes, got off with front page. Cool!A buddy of mine was having a smoke outside a bar near Detroit, when Bruce Campbell strolls by. It's a little after 1 am and he's wearing ray ban shades. One of his friends sheepishly asks "Excuse me, are you Bruce Campbell?". Bruce stops, tips his sunglasses, and responds with "Well, someone's gotta be".Bruce Campbell is fucking awesome.Served Christian Bale a latte at work, he went and stood facing the wall, like a child's punishment until his coffee was ready. People were more bemused by his behaviour, thus giving him slightly more attention.
Today on the train I sat next to a woman who was angry that I sat next to her because she wanted the two seats to herself. As I sat there she kept mouthing under her breath how she just wanted to sit there alone... blah blah blah. Despite the fact that I wanted to tell her that it was public transportation and she needed to get over it I kept my mouth shut. A few minutes later a large woman with a large purse comes and stands in the same car I was in. I get her attention and tell her that she could have my seat. She huffs and puffs her way to me and I help her sit down while grinning at the angry woman who was upset I'd sat beside her. I enjoyed watching her head almost explode from anger as the other large woman's rolls and purse pressed against her for the rest of the ride. Anyone else have any of those subtle revenge stories? Edit: of course the one time I don't check reddit, because I think my story was lame and won't get more than five comments, it takes off. I am looking forward to reading all these stories.... Oh and I'd like to thank all the people that made this possible... my producer, all the guys in Fresno, Melvin, all the haters who said I'd never make it, Phil Collins, OAG, GGG, the White House... yadda yadda yadda... Edit again: This lady is a regular and a known seat hog. I've seen her get into arguments before with people because she wants two seats to herself. Everyone pays to ride the train so if there is a seat open then it's up for grabs.I was working as a manager in a big nightclub about a year ago. I dont wear a uniform, but have a radio and run the security team. The venue has a great smoking section that looks out onto the street. One night the venue was packed so I did my usual roam making sure that there were no problems, however it wasg too packed to walk through the smoking section, so I walked down the street instead, but could still very easily see into the smoking section. One guy stares me down, then calls me over, and starts swearing at me for no reason and telling me that "pieces of shit like you could never even get into a venue like this". He obviously had no idea I was the manager, however I didn't want to have security get into a fight inside with him. The guy kept telling me he would punch me out etc. and was clearly trying to look macho to impress someone. So I agreed and told him to come and meet me outside and he could even have a free swing. He puts his drink down, takes off his jacket and storms outside. Once he walked outside, I walked back inside and told security not to let him back in. The look on his face when he realised I ran the place was priceless, and then the realisation that he couldnt get back into the club was amazing. It was the easiest and most fun removal I have ever done.
Original: http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/tenoq/reddit_my_friends_call_me_a_scumbag_because_i/ Okay, the past month and a half has been insane. Like I said in my last post, the code was originally signed to only run on the desktop that I was assigned, and also required a password upon starting. I felt secure in that they couldn't steal and rip the code and fire everyone. I then went to my manager and told him what I was doing. He asked me (In Dutch...) "Is the program still on the work desktop, and did you do it on company time?" I replied yes, and yes. I was promptly fired and expelled from the building. Once I left, I called my bosses superior (? or inferior?? the one higher...) and left him a voice mail saying what happened and that my boss fired me for it, but I thought he was being close minded and not open to advancing the company. I also got a call from my manager, telling me I have to give him the password... I told him I am no longer employed and am not required to any longer. I get a call from my bosses boss, and he asks to have a meeting with me to discuss what actually happened and if it is true that it could save money, he would listen. but I was hellbent on refusing to give out the password. Not to be mean/defensive, but the code was not designed for anyone to use, it was very primitive in the way it had to be setup. I didn't want to be liable for someone using it incorrectly. I met with him a week later, we discussed over tea about the program. I asked if I was doing anything wrong or immoral, and he said that the only issue was that I coded it on company time when I wasn't supposed too, and that the app not only was fine (no requirement to have it done by a person), but also saved the money lots and lots of money and they never even realized it. (They would have had to hire more people to handle the load, but didn't because everything was getting done.) Once we talked about it, he said I was very talented and asked why I worked in the line of work I do instead of software engineering, I replied that I found this job first and was making such great money-- which he didn't expect, and asked me how much I was making, me telling him the true amount. He was floored and cracked up laughing, I made more than my boss (but not the guy I was talking too). He told me he would love to give me a job doing software engineering for the entire companies systems. I agreed only if that the current employees wouldn't be fired and would be put into different places in the company. We came to a compromise that some of the useless people (There were a few...) would be let go (these people are morons beyond belief), but that he could find jobs for the rest (Translation was a big one, since us Dutch people have a culture of learning others languages, sales, HR and other departments, and a few of them were offered training for the jobs. A handful was kept on the original team but their job was changed from manual input to now they work with the tool I built. As far as I know, the bonus program was slashed a lot, but they're still making more bonus than before I bet since I was taking it all) So now I am a lead software engineer over my own department, making the same base pay as I was making base+bonus previously. (No bonus, unfortunately haha) Most other workers moved departments or changed jobs in their department, so most people got a good deal. Except my boss. They were upset with him before this, and were even more upset after him. He was notoriously a bad manager and he was fired over this. Oh well. They hired one of the previous people on my team to take over his job :) TL;DR IT WORKED OUT FOR 99% OF THE PEOPLE. EDIT: one thing is worse: my new desk chair sucksCongratulations! I'm glad you were rewarded for good work, as it should be.This, and THANKS for the update ! I had told your story to many friends as it was a very interesting situation to discuss. I'm glad I'll be able to come up to them with a sequel.I read the first thread and was hoping for an update like this. I run a software company and everything we do is automated, streamlined, automated some more and streamlined some more. If you are ever in London. Send me a PM. I would hire someone based simply on ingenuity and the clear ethics you displayed in protecting your fellow workers. Well done.
EDIT: Plenty of you criticized me for whining. That wasn't my intention - I was genuinely interested in the issues that were limiting the search. If anyone is interested, the replies that I have found best are here: jmking explains how Google has made us take search for granted, and some of the technical limitations. shiningPate shares his interaction with a founder, and a potential reason the search isn't a high priority. Crocodilly_Pontifex goes into detail about some of the stress searching causes a database. TheAmbiguityBuster claims inaccurate post titles hinder the search, and a tagging system could help. Cthulhus_Brother (among many others) share how to utilize Google as a Reddit search. SearchReddit was mentioned a few times, and in the limited testing I've done today, seems like it works pretty well.Reposting this top-level because it was buried under a shitty comment: There is an answer to the question "Why is it so bad?" The answer is because the submission titles on this site suck. Very, very badly. They're generally non-descriptive and useless. People use submission titles as punchlines to a joke, not as an actual title. If a submission is titled "Look what I found", and it's a picture of a gold dubloon, what are you going to search for when you look for it 2 months later? "Gold coin", "gold dubloon", or something. You're not going to search for "Look what I found", because a) You won't have remembered that title, and b) That would turn up about a million results. Go to a subreddit that enforces submission titles (try the SFW-Porn network, they generally have very good titles), and try searching for something (restricted to that subreddit of course). I guarantee you'll get what you're looking for, if it exists. I've been saying this for a long time, but I'll say it again: Reddit should have a system which allow users to tag submissions with keywords, like "gold coin", "dubloon", and other descriptive words, which would then be weighted heavily in search results, based on how many times a post was tagged with a certain phrase or word. If 20 people tag a post with "gold coin", that will be weighted very heavily in the search results, and will probably be the #1 result when someone searches for "gold coin", even though the submission contained none of those words and just linked to an image hosted on imgur. The tags would be hidden from the public for the first hour or two (same as the vote count), so as not to encourage the same type of hivemind bias that exists with the voting system.
As a man that has reached the ripe old age of 48 I can promise you I have seen some shit go down. This one totally takes the cake for me though. I was waiting out front of a truck stop back in the mid 80's. Sitting on a park bench with a guy that had a big Rottweiler kinda dog on a leash with him. I tried to make small talk but he was quite a sourpuss. So we sat in silence for a few minutes until the most unexpected thing I have ever seen, happened right before my very eyes. While we were sitting there a big 18 wheeler pulls in without a trailer (bobtail) so he parks right up front like a normal car would. Inside the cab of the truck with the driver is a little monkey. The dance for the organ grinder kind. I think they are called Rhesus monkeys perhaps. Well the dog spots this lil monkey and proceeds to go apeshit over it. Lunging at the end of his leash and barking at the top of his lungs. Generally making a real spectacle of himself to say the least. The driver is obviously upset, but not nearly as much as the monkey is. Actually upset may be the wrong adjective to use for the monkey though. In retrospect I think eagerly aggressive may be a more appropriate description for his disposition. He was pacing the dashboard back and forth. Never taking his eyes off of this very aggravating dog. The driver opens his little triangle window that they don't make on cars anymore. The ones made for smokers back in the day. He yells out to this douche bag to call his dog off because it is upsetting his monkey. The guy laughs and says no way (I told you he was a jerk didn't I?). Says that his dog ain't bothering nobody. The dog hasn't shut up since he laid eyes on the monkey. I promise you he is bothering everybody for several blocks around. Now here's where things start to get interesting. The driver says that if he doesn't call his dog off he's gonna let his monkey loose on that dog. Douche bag laughs and says that his dog would eat that monkey alive. Upon hearing this the driver leans over and reaches into his glove box I guess. Pulls out one of those tiny baseball bats like you used to get at Astroworld or carnivals, and places it in the monkeys hand. The monkey obviously knows what's about to go down because he is now trying to squeeze out of that little triangular window I mentioned earlier. This monkey has murder in his eyes if I have ever seen it. Driver hollers "Last chance to save your dog's ass man." In response douche bag lets his dog off of the leash. Now we have a situation that has escalated to the point where we have a dog jumping up at the window and a monkey screaming profanities right back at him. Well, the driver finally rolls down the regular window and out leaps all kinds of miniature primate hell. The dog never knew what hit him. Quick as a flash this monkey is riding on the back of this dog's neck. His two back feet all wrapped up in his neck fur with one hand hanging onto an ear. The other hand as you may have guessed by now is steadily and mercilessly raining down blows about this dog's head and face. I mean hard blows. You can hear them whap whap whap. Well it only took a moment for the dog to realize he was in way over his head. He bolts yelping bloody murder as he runs away at full speed. I mean this dog is running so fuckin hard he's throwing up tufts of grass and dirt as soon as he leaves pavement. The monkey still riding him and beating on him the whole time. Douche bag acts like he wants to fight now but several people including myself stepped in to stop that nonsense. In a couple of minutes or so the little monkey comes loping back with his little bat still in hand, and leaps up into the still open window of the truck to await his master who has gone on into the store. That wanker ran off to try to go find his dog, but I don't know if he ever did. My ride showed up and I had to go. Never again in this lifetime will I see something so totally crazy and unexpected like that. I am both fortunate and humble to have been so privileged to be present for such an event. So Reddit, please do tell. What's your craziest thing you have ever seen in public? TL:DR Small monkey beats the shit out of large dog.Was having a new exhaust put onto my Subaru by a small specialty shop in Buffalo, NY. We dropped it off and then said we would just go walk around for a couple hours till it was done. Staff advised us not too as it was a rough area...we were 19, and from Canada, whats the worst that could happen? After walking through a couple blocks of burnt out hoses, and straight out of the movies (for us) ghetto w decided to turn around and get back to the shop ASAP! We walk around a corner only to see a group of 5 large, thugish looking young black men ahead of us, they notice us, turn and walk in our direction. Instant brick shitting...do we run...do we plead for our lives? We decide to do the Canadian thing and just keep walking like nothings going to happen. The "gang" reaches us after a few seconds, kind of does a half circle around the two of us, there is no escape, only robbery or death. What appears to be the leader makes contact "Yo, we got a question for you guys!". We sheepishly reply"uhhh yea?"
UPDATE: Wow... Just wow. 14 thousand comments and counting. I'm humbled and grateful for every one of the comments, upvotes and the endless amounts of music suggestions. Currently the most upvoted comment isn't a song suggestion but rather a suggestion to listen to the music from the beginnings of its orgins. Here's the original comment below as submitted by GiraffeKiller- "This is like introducing an Alien to the music of Earth. I wouldn't know where to start. Once you're through your kick on Classical, I might start with music from the 50's and progress through each decade. You can really see the growth of modern music like that." I think it's a wonderful idea, and will be blogging about my journey into the world of music. As many of you have pointed out; music didn't start in the 50's, so I'm going to start with the earliest written form of music… I'm going to start with Guillaume de Machaut's Agnus Dei. (Composed sometime between 1313 and 1365) I am still posting my top 5 next week... It will be a difficult task considering all the submissions. This week I am going to re-watch my favorite film of all time, Baraka. This will be my first time being able to hear the soundtrack of the film. I will be posting about that as well. Also for all of those asking- the hearing aids I got is the Phonak Naida S Premium. Again, thank you for all the kind words and shares! Even if you’re not hearing music for the first time ever, I suggest looking through the suggestions and expanding your musical tastes. You never know how much more days you have left to hear.... Trust me on this one, you don’t want to miss out on a great song. I've never understood it. My whole life I've seen hearing people make a fool of themselves singing their favorite song or gyrating on the dance floor. I've also seen hearing people moved to tears by a single song. That was the hardest thing for me to wrap my head around. I was born profoundly deaf and all music sounded like trash through my hearing aids. That is until a couple days ago when I put on a new pair of hearing aids for the first time in years. The first thing I heard was my shoe scraping across the carpet; it startled me. I have never heard that before and out of ignorance, I assumed it was too quiet for anyone to hear. I sat in the doctor's office frozen as a cacophony of sounds attacked me. The whir of the computer, the hum of the AC, the clacking of the keyboard, and when my best friend walked in I couldn't believe that he had a slight rasp to his voice. He joked that it was time to cut back on the cigarettes. That night, a group of close friends jump-started my musical education by playing Mozart, Rolling Stones, Michael Jackson, Sigur Ros, Radiohead, Elvis, and several other popular legends of music. Being able to hear the music for the first time ever was unreal. I realized that my old hearing aids were giving me a distorted version of music. they were not capable of distributing higher frequencies with clarity, instead it was just garbled gibberish. When Mozart's Lacrimosa came on, I was blown away by the beauty of it. At one point of the song, it sounded like angels singing and I suddenly realized that this was the first time I was able to appreciate music. Tears rolled down my face and I tried to hide it. But when I looked over I saw that there wasn't a dry eye in the car. I finally understood the power of music. Obviously, I did the only sensible thing and went on a binge of music. Below are my top 5 favorites from my limited exposure to the world of sound. Mozart's Lacrimsoa The soundtrack to Eleven Eleven… I can see how this comes off as narcissistic, it being my own film and all but it's such a personal work that when I listened to it for the first time I broke down. I felt like I was truly seeing the film for the first time ever. I'm grateful that Cazz was able to capture the tone perfectly. We discussed the film and specific scenes with essay-sized reasoning/deliberations on what should be conveyed. The critical response to the film surprised me and I still didn't quite get it until seeing the visual images coupled with the soundtrack. Sig Ros's Staralfur IL Postino-Luis Bacalov Minnesota's A Bad Place Ironically enough, I'm turning my hearing aids off more often than before because most sounds are even more annoying and the only times I have it on is when talking to people or listening to music/birds. Silence is still my favorite sound. When I turn my aids off my thoughts become more clear and it's absolutely peaceful. I hope that one day hearing people get the opportunity to experience utter silence. What exactly changed between my old hearing aids and my new ones? My previous hearing aids were only 4 years old but technology has gotten cheaper and better at an exponential rate since then. Before, I could almost hear the low frequencies at a hearing person’s level, but not as crisp... higher notes on the other hand, I didn’t hear at all. I never realized how little of a range my hearing aids picked up compared to hearing people until a telecommunications class in college. We were learning about radio equipment and the guest professor told us about how high human ears can hear and also compared to various animals. He turned around and turned the dial down to the lower pitches. I could still hear nearly all the low frequencies like rest of the class. When he turned the dial in the opposite direction, I blanked out at about 40% and the rest of the class stopped between 90-100%. It’s an odd feeling learning something so profound about yourself at twenty one... But it’s not as odd as the things I can hear now. It was during Lacrimosa that I realized I was truly hearing pitches I’ve never experienced before. It was like seeing a color I’ve never seen before. I honestly never thought I would really be able to hear my own soundtracks because I have accepted my deafness, I have always been and still am grateful for all I've been blessed with so it was never a big deal to me. Now... I'm overwhelmed and beyond grateful. But this is just the beginning. That’s why I’m asking you to give me the name of the most beautiful songs to you. I’ve posted the question on reddit and will listen to the top 30 upvotes and then post my top 5 from that batch. Original post over at http://www.artofthestory.com/being-able-to-hear-music-for-the-first-time-ever/Lucky you. I was told at 17 years and 11 months old by a hearing specialist that I would be deaf by the time I was 25. I listened to everything that I could find so I would have music to remember. I found the best way was to find people who love music and have good "ears." They will sort out the crap in their favorite genres just to amaze you with the excellent stuff. Doctor was wrong.I found the best way was to find people who love music and have good "ears." They will sort out the crap in their favorite genres just to amaze you with the excellent stuff. There must be a subreddit for this. How to find it...Having read that the doc was wrong, I hope to heck that you mean you can still hear...?
Videos and Lectures KhanAcademy.org TED.com UnplugTheTV.com Learn New Things FuckingHomepage.com IfEveryoneKnew.com Testing Knowledge FreeRice.com LizardPoint.com MathRun.net Teach Yourself Something OpenCulture.com NoExcuseList.com Youtube Channels SciShow CrashCourse MinutePhysics TEDEducation EDIT: Subreddits r/DepthHub r/explainlikeimfive r/RedditGuides r/TrueRedditProject Euler is good if you posses some programming skill and an interest in math. http://projecteuler.net/ It provides you with a series math of problems that are meant to be solved with a computer (although several of the early ones can be solved without a computer if you're clever). Each problem teaches you skills needed to solve later problems. They provide an interesting challenge if you've got some time to kill. Edit: Accidentally some words.I think the reddit DDoS may have claimed another victim.http://www.kongregate.com/games/PleasingFungus/manufactoria While its a game, its essentially making Turing Logic Gates in order to solve puzzles. It gets really fucking hard.
You know that awkward moment when you and a stranger are walking towards each other but need to get past each other and you get confused and end up doing a left to right dance? Not for me! When I walk through large crowds of people, to avoid walking into anyone, I simply stare at my destination. I look no one in the eyes. People actually will watch your eyes and they avoid the direction you are going. If I look into people's eyes as we are walking into each other, we are sure to collide. You have to let people know where you intend to go with your eyes. It always works for me, try it! Your turn, teach me some good mind tricks! *Edit- Wow I didn't know there were that many "mind tricks"! Thanks Redditors for your knowledge and wisdom! *Edit-Thank you masterthenight for the comment: "To add onto the OP comment, simply turning your head to indicate which direction you are going works as well." *Edit- One of the best responses I've heard comes from WhatAppearsToBeADuck: Tell any male adolescent that you think their voice is high. Their voice will immediately drop on their response. *Edit- another good comment from dmalfoy123: When you're driving, stare at the back of someone's head or their rear-view mirror and focus all your energy. They will eventually change lanes.Learned this one second hand from a smuggler: People tend to notice things they're looking for and once they don't find it (or even better, they do find it) they ignore everything else. So if you want to slip something by someone, make sure they catch you on something that doesn't matter, and they wont focus on what you're hiding. The story behind this is that in Berlin while the wall was up, there was this smuggler who used to ride, every day, from east Berlin into West Berlin (or perhaps it was vice versa, I don't remember) with a bag of sand on the back of his bicycle. Every time, the checkpoint guards would cut open the bag of sand, search through it, find nothing, and let him go on his way. And every night he would return. They never realized that he was smuggling bicycles.While an effective example of misdirection, that's an old joke.
EDIT: First on the front page. Nice. Jesus, more than 11500 comments. Thanks. EDIT: 15 on reddit.com, this means I'm famous. PEOPLE THAT ARE NOT IN AMERICA, USE MEDIAHINT.COM TO USE THE US NETFLIXThis Is England. The ending had me in tears.Man From Earth - "An impromptu goodbye party for Professor John Oldman becomes a mysterious interrogation after the retiring scholar reveals to his colleagues he never ages and has walked the earth for 14,000 years" The great thing about this film though is the setting. It's in one cabin, largely shot in one room with minimal editing. There's maybe 3-4 small scenes shot outside and in other rooms of the cabin, but it's shot and edited a la 12 Angry Men. The ending of the film blew me away too. Really well told story, and amazingly executed. 2. Timecrimes - "A man accidentally gets into a time machine and travels back in time nearly an hour. Finding himself will be the first of a series of disasters of unforeseeable consequences." It's a great portrayal that travel backwards in time if only by a couple dozen minutes can have catastrophic effects on somebody's life.
I'm Asian so all we did was study and go home and study some more. Hardly any sports so no dodge ball or other heinous sports. We only did things to advance our careers. I want to know, what's with the bullying and the cliques? Seriously, if you make so many movies on them, has to be slightly true right? Edit: Ok, so middle school is meaner. Guys, I'm not fully believing in the bible that's Hollywood movies. Just a point of reference. Because our English media growing up was American, I use that as a base. I don't believe everything movies is true. We don't have flying dragons or dance around trees. Lay off me, will ya? Edit 2: Internet hugs to all.For me, junior high (7th and 8th grade) was way worse socially than highschool. *edit: a wordI remember everyone played handball at my elementary school. Everyone. The cool kids used the dedicated handball walls, and everyone else picked a random wall and played with their friends. Until Pokemon cards existed towards the end of 6th grade, handball was what you did and if you didn't you were a freak. And then we went to middle school, and suddenly handball was for babies. People that brought their handballs for the first day of middle school were viciously attacked. Anyone who played handball at school was the lowest of the low and people who did it at home kept it a secret lest they be torn appart by prepubescent rage. I just want to make it clear though, it had only been 3 FUCKING MONTHS. There was no ramp down. Last day of 6th grade handball was still cool, first day of 7th grade 3 months later and it was suddenly pathetic. So yeah I agree, middle school was ruthless.
In what was posted on r/cyberlaws a few hours ago, it seems there is going to be a legal battle between Conde Nast and Warner Bross. I think the community has grown pass being a property of anyone, and I think a lot of us were unaware of this "User Agreement" between us the users and this company named Reddit. I love Reddit dearly with all my heart, it has brought a lot of happiness to a lot of users, some of that was thanks to the fact that people did not need to worry about copyrights, and I hate to see it crumble to become a patent/copyright troll on the back of its users. I'm not sure how it should be done legally, but I think that paragraph has no place in such place as Reddit, and I as a user will definitely change my behaviour on reddit as a result of finding out about it. Lost all control over the incoming messages and comments. I apologize if I'm not answering - feel free to send direct message on specific questions. alienth responded that they checking into this, and my comment with a couple of questions got downvoted and disappeared, so here are the questions I'm still hoping to get answers to: Can you give us more details? Can you in the meanwhile remove that pargraph? When is it going to be actually changed? Are we going to be allowed to comment on the new user agreement before it is imposed on the community?I believe one of the reasons for that is that we couldn't technically host your comments as you could sue reddit for infringement if some type of usage agreement wasn't in place. I am not a lawyer, but I'll ping the lawyers to check. We're actually in the process of revamping the user-agreement, as it contains several clauses which aren't really relevant to us. cheers, alienthi think what we all really want to know is whether or not reddit is going to cockblock the movieOn slashdot all the comments are owned by the submitter (yes, even the anonymous ones). Here's the relevant section of their terms (emphasis mine): .6. LICENSING AND OTHER TERMS APPLYING TO CONTENT POSTED ON THE Geeknet SITES: Use, reproduction, modification, and other intellectual property rights to data stored on the Geeknet Sites will be subject to licensing arrangements that may be approved by Geeknet as applicable to such Content. ; with respect to publicly-available statistical content which is generated by the site to monitor and display content activity, such content is owned by Geeknet. With respect to Content posted to private areas of the Geeknet Site Sourceforge.net (e.g., private development tools or mail), the submitting user may grant to Geeknet or other Sourceforge.net users such rights and licenses as the submitting Sourceforge.net user deems appropriate. Content located on any Geeknet-hosted subdomain which is subject to the sole editorial control of the owner or licensee of such subdomain, shall be subject to the appropriate license applicable to such Content, or to such other licensing arrangements as may be approved by Geeknet as applicable to such Content. For the purposes of these Terms, "Code" means any software code you submit, post, display or distribute via: any of our software configuration management ("SCM") repositories (including, CVS, Subversion, Git, Bazaar and Mercurial) or SourceForge.net's file release system, and "Associated Content" means any text, data, music, sound, photograph, graphic, video, message or material, whether publicly posted or privately transmitted via SourceForge.net, but does not include Code. "SourceForge Content" means any Code or Associated Content.
Edit: What a response! Thanks for all the comments. The question came about because I've been having songs from Les Miserables stuck in my head the last week, not sure why. I haven't seen the musical or the new movie, only the 10th Anniversary stage version, and I haven't even seen that one in like four years. So whatever. But the lines that have been really getting me are: But there are dreams that cannot be And there are storms we cannot weather I had a dream my life would be So different from this hell I'm living So different now from what it seemed Now life has killed the dream I dream And it just got me thinking about how much I love songs that make me sad. Sally Sparrow said this once about being sad: "It's happy for deep people." So now I have a ton of sad songs to look up. Thanks everyone!'In the middle of the night I was sleeping sitting up, when a doctor came to tell me, "Enough is enough." He brought me out into the hall (I could have sworn it was haunted), and told me something that I didn't know that I wanted to hear: That there was nothing that I could do to save you, the choir's gonna sing, and this thing is gonna kill you.' Two by The Antlers. The whole album is about a hospice worker who falls in love with a terminally ill patient, as a big metaphor for the singer's relationship with his abusive ex-girlfriend. Kills me every time I listen to it.UGH I LOVE THE ANTLERS BUT CAN'T LISTEN TO THE WHOLE OF HOSPICE WITHOUT SOBBING...'epilogue' gets me every time.Totally agree about the album Hospice. My vote for saddest lyrics come at the end of "Wake" though: Don't be scared to speak Don't speak with someone's tooth Don't bargain when you're weak Don't take that sharp abuse Some patients can't be saved But that burden's not on you
Mine is when I went to the Oatmeal homepage and right clicked and did view page source. (OK SO JUST SAYING MY FRIEND TOLD ME TO DO THIS I TECHNICALLY DIDN'T FIND IT BUT I REALIZED THERE WAS A COMIC) [This came up.] (http://imgur.com/i2CvS) Then I saw that in the words by the PTERODACTYL's mouth it said HTTP://PTERODACTYL.ME so I went there and well [this] (http://theoatmeal.com/comics/ptero) is what it brought me to. I was impressed. [EDIT] OK so i wasnt sure if the http address would work so I added the other one they are the same. Just chill about it. [EDIT] WOW!! I never expected this to become soooo big thank you all! Even getting close to the front page is amazing! Again THANK YOU ALL!! [EDIT] Again how did this get so much upvotes. I am surprised. It is the end of my first month of Reddit and I like to think I am doing pretty well..... [EDIT] Nobody is here anymore but someone just commented about a couple days ago. I thought this was archived. I love cats. Cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat. rape. Dead people. Pigeon. I hope someone sees this. And my penis. I have a girlfriend. Gay faggot shit chips. I'm not crazy..I found an internal message board for a small local bank. The (clearly incompetent) IT dept had made it publicly accessible and I stumbled upon it via Google (so, no robots.txt either). There were lots of documents posted on those boards... internal communications, financial statements, board meeting notes, etc... After having a look around for a few minutes I decided it would be best to just report it and forget about it. I emailed the domain contact and a handful of board members from the contacts page and (somewhat to my relief) got a response back the next day thanking me for the heads up. I checked to make sure they had taken it down and it wasn't accessible anymore. I know that's anticlimactic... but I thought it was... interesting. It certainly made me think twice about where I keep my money. EDIT: Pics and it did happen: http://i.imgur.com/riCHn.png phew almost ran out of black ink there...Love those kind of things. I've once found out that by changing the session cookie I can access all the history + personal data of a big chain video rental here. Let them know, sent ways to fix it. All went great.
A few weeks ago I was horny and for god knows what reason, decided to try use my cellphone as a vibrator. Anyway... it got stuck up there and the only person who could get me to hospital was my friend (Who thought it was hilarious). On the way there he posted on Facebook informing the world of my situation, along with my cellphone number. For the next hour, I sat in the emergency room waiting area receiving uncomfortable stares as the phone in my ass rung and vibrated, All the while my flatmate laughing hysterically and telling me I'd better answer it as it could be important. If anyone can top this you have my upvote. EDIT: I am male :( EDIT2: This story is fake, and It's hilarious you all believe it when I didn't provide a shred of evidence.My story: When I was 13 a doctor wrote me an adult dose for a certain medicine based on my weight. I was a fat kid. Our body does not work that way and the medicine ended up constipating me...for a month. I did not shit for a whole month. I got sick. I had racoon-like eyes, my stomach would jump or flutter by itself, I had cramps, etc. It was bad. I was miserable. I finally told my parents how long it had been since i had shit and they freaked out and took me to the hospital. There, they gave 3 enemas back to back. After the third and final one, all that water softened all that shit up just enough i could expel it. I ran to the nearest bathroom, gown open in the back, and tried to make it to the toilet. I didn't My ass was hovering at a 45 degree angle above the toilet when the geyser burst. This next part is not a lie, but i know some of you will think it is, I got shit everywhere. On the ceiling (somehow), on the floor, the toilet was covered, the walls, even the sink got hit with some spray. Shit was literally, yes literally, sprayed on all walls and ceiling. It was everywhere. I felt like a new kid after that. Cleaned myself up the best i could and then had to figure out what to do. There was no way i could clean it all up, I needed a janitor. So I walked out and politely told a nurse the bathroom need a clean up and badly.
Link to original So, amazingly, crustlessmist and jwild98 determined the correct license and created a damning visual aid to show it within hours of my original submission. I gave the information to the police, who took over a week to respond to me, but said that they located the owner of that license and served papers to them. Meanwhile, I had given the same information to my insurance provider: Geico. They ended up telling me that the other party was also insured with Geico and had submitted a claim just after the accident happened, claiming that they were involved in a hit and run(!). I asked and the agent told me that they claimed the car was parked and unoccupied when it was hit. The other agent got a recorded statement from me over the phone, which was extremely formal. She was all business until she asked if she could stop recording and I said yes, after which she said, "Woooooow. I haven't had one like this in a long time!" After some talking and investigation by Geico, they determined that I was the innocent party and I finally got a car rental from them (after a month of sharing a van with my wife and three kids, which is a pain when you need to get to work early). They didn't want to give me the rental earlier because they didn't know whether MY uninsured motorist insurance should pay for it or if we would find the other party and make their insurance pay for it. Geico found out that the insured person's son had been driving that night and decided to lie about the accident when they got home. I still figure he must have been doing something illegal at the time since he had insurance and still didn't stop. I don't know, though. The police never told me his name and haven't contact me further regarding the issue. Yesterday, they finally inspected and estimated the repairs my car would need. Today, they told me that they were declaring it a total loss and they will give me $2,800 (and change) for my 2000 Buick LeSabre Ltd. I'm not a car guy, but I remember him saying something along the lines of the "rails" being warped and the quarterpanels being bowed out and some other things. They were just looking at body damage and it was over the value of the car (it's not counting the mechanical damage that was done). I have until Friday to determine if I want to accept the offer for the title. Geico also said they would pay for my medical bills, but it's a one time payment after treatment is ended. I have to give them HIPAA permission to get my bills from my medical providers and they will pay them. They also mentioned something about "mental anguish" and "suffering" but never mentioned a number. I guess a month without my normal convenient mode of travel and initially not being able to walk without immense pain after the accident count as anguish and suffering... so how much is that worth? I can't really think of an amount that I'd be happy to take if it were going to happen to me again. So one day I'm sitting at a red light, minding my own business and a month and a half later I've lost my primary vehicle for an amount of money that can't cover a comparable vehicle. Still, it was exciting to hunt down the offender and at least get him to be held accountable for his prevarications and douchebaggery. Thank you for all of the help, reddit! Edit: saw the wall of text after I submitted and determined I should add a tl;dr TL;DR: Cops found ass who hit me and ran. Geico also found him. Ass had claimed hit-and-run on his own vehicle. Geico determined I was right and he was wrong. Geico says it will pay for my medical bills. Geico totals my car and offers me $2,800 (I have until Friday to accept). I now have no car. Edit: It is amazingly difficult to keep up with the waves of people crashing into this thread. I just want people to know that I'm doing my best to read the comments, even if I'm not responding to all of them. And I'm totally getting the feeling that I need to speak to a lawyer. :) Thank you. Edit: Wow! The number 1 spot on the front page! And I didn't even misspell anything in the title or make any glaring grammatical errors! To think I was just sitting here tonight browsing reddit and kind of half-assedly thought, "I guess after today I have enough to give them a decent update... yeah, ok, I'll write it out." I should have taken a picture of my empty driveway and posted it and then I could have reaped all of this sweet karma. Edit: I just looked up the guy's name in the court website and found out that he's got a hearing coming up on the 14th. He was charged with "Failure to Stop / Accident - MISD" and the code section is here. It says that it should be a Class 5 Felony. This page says that a class 5 felony is punishable by a jail term of 1 to 10 years, or up to a year in jail and/or up to $2,500 in fines. The court website lists that as the code section, but it also lists the type of case as a Class 1 Misdemeanor. I should call and tell them my car just got totaled.Protip: Never take the insurance company's first offer. Ask for more.This seems to be the consensus.Ask for more. Then whatever you settle on, ask them for $200 less and to keep the car. (They just junk 'em anyway.)How much more should you ask for and how many times should you ask?while i acknowledge the truth of this in life in general, it makes me sad because it seems like it rewards the squeaky obnoxious wheels...that and...i'm never that guy... sigh... well, maybe one day i'll be part of the mythical class action where we inherit the earth..after it's a consumed cinder :)
Pictures encouraged **Edit:**Wow this blew up! There are some awesome ideas from here that I have written down. Also, reddit really likes pens. I'll do my best to go over each comment. Thanks reddit, you guys rock...again. Edit 2: Apparently, there are some amazing people on reddit. Please check out r/santashelpers and see their good work. Thank you Elon_Musk for helping to provide such a positive subreddit. And I shit you not, I'm trying my best to keep up guys.My go to Secret Santa gift is an 18" blowdart gun and a pack of 50 practice darts from amazon. $20, free shipping, and it easily fits in a desk drawer to take the office battle to the next level. EDIT: I posted a link lower but here it is again. http://www.amazon.com/gp/browse.html?ie=UTF8&marketplaceID=ATVPDKIKX0DER&me=A2RF2KLPIUS45GMy wife is presently angry with you, because this is now on its way to my house. Thank you.If you're shooting them in the office, a length of 1/2 inch PVC pipe and some nerf darts works great also. There's tips on Instructables for spiffing one up- mine has dollar store plastic rope for grip and a neck loop, some duct tape, and an extending little auto-inspection mirror for "tactical purposes."
Shortly after my mom died, I was drunk as hell at a bar in my hometown (which was a frequent occurrence in those days). I was having a rough night, so I went outside to sit on the curb and have a cigarette. This older gentleman, probably around 60-65 sat down next to me because he said I reminded him of his daughter and he wanted to help me feel better if he could. I talked to this guy for a good hour, about my mom, about my life, about dropping out of college and basically losing control of everything because I couldn't deal with her passing. He gave me some of the best advice I've ever received and made me feel like things could really be okay again, eventually. He waited there with me until the bar closed and my friends found me. I gave him a huge hug and tried to thank him as genuinely as I could. I never saw him again and I have no way of finding him, but I think about him all the time and how much of an impact a total stranger had on my life. Edit: the advice he gave me is further down this thread, sorry!Well... What was the advice?
I've since unblocked reddit (obviously) Update: She's gone home now presumably to check reddit. We ended it on these words: Me: "It's a shame the internet isn't working, there was a really good article on employer-employee relationships that I wanted to show you, you probably won't be interested though. I'm sure you've... Reddit Her: "If I catch you messing around on the internet again, I'll give you a formal warning and tell all your internet friends about the time you called me 'babe', ok?" Well the jokes on you babe because it's already out... shitWell. Top story on reddit. You've now revealed your username to your boss. Time to start deleting posts.MrPafanopolous: User for 3 months Yep, I don't think he thought this through completely.Unblock Reddit.com and block imgur.com just to mess with them some more.This is what they do to me at work and it's fucking infuriating.That's not funny, my work did that. First they blocked Imgur. Then they blocked reddit. Now neither are blocked. I think they're screwing with me.
Edit: Wow! I wasn't expecting so many awesome ideas. Keep them coming! In a couple hours we'll be going shopping to pick up everything we need for a day of science. Edit 2: You guys are amazing. I'm still reading through all the suggestions, but these are the ones we'll definitely be doing: Corn starch & water Volcano Mentos + Diet Coke, followed by soda bottle vortex Pepper in a bowl of water Moebius strip Penny and nickel battery Egg in a bottle Soap, milk and food coloring Crushed soda can Film canister rocket Liquid with layered colors Cork rocket Frozen bubbles Supercooled water Clouds in a bottle Update: I smell like vinegar and have food coloring all over my hands, but we had a ton of fun. We didn't quite get to everything this afternoon, but now we have supplies for another time. All told, we had to buy about $20 worth of stuff at the grocery store -- there's no way you'll have this much fun with less money! And he learned a lot, too (especially about pressure, which was probably just because it's easiest for me to explain). Thanks so much for everyone who contributed ideas. I'll be visiting this post over and over again to find other fun ideas for future lazy Saturdays:)Mix corn starch and water to create a non-Newtonian fluid. When left alone it will act like a liquid but when acted upon by a force it will react like a solid. If you hold it in your hand it will run through your fingers but if you punch the fluid it will hardenDon't forget the food coloring! When I was a preschool teacher we called it Ooblek.Sold. That one's definitely going on the list.^ this, if you have an old shitty speaker you dont want put it in there and play dubstep. mind: blown
While working at HHGregg, customers were told we'd recycle their old TV's for them. Really we just threw them in the dumpster. Can't speak for HHGregg corporation as a whole, but at my store this was the definitely the case. McAllister's Famous Iced Tea is really just Lipton with a shit ton of sugar. They even have a trademark for the "Famous Iced Tea." There website says, "We can't give you the recipe, that's our secret." The secrets out, Lipton + Sugar = Trademarked Famous Iced Tea. McAllister's About Page Edit: Thanks for all the comments and upvotes. Really interesting read, and I've learned many things/places to never eat.The recycle bins at Seaworld also just get emptied into the dumpster. They are just there to make the visitors feel better.I'm really starting to wonder how often designated recycling actually gets recycled.I used to work at Claires and The Icing (same company). We got about 15 minutes of training before we were allowed to pierce kids' ears. If people bled on the ear piercing guns, we would simply wipe them off with a tissue, and use them again on the next person. We were also never taught anything about cross-contamination and blood borne pathogens during training. I would never take my kids to get their ears pierced at the mall. Choose a reputable body piercer and take your kids there. Some people are afraid of taking their kids to body piercers because they look sketchier than the pretty mall down the street, but body piercers will use an autoclave and most of them (if they're any good) are trained to properly deal with blood and bodily fluids. The person at the mall, no matter how much experience they say they have, does not have the proper tools to deal with blood. About 99% of our piercings did not draw blood, but the 1% that do are definitely not dealt with well. I tried my best when I worked there, but there's only so much you can do when there is no equipment on hand to properly sterilize anything.
Edit: the hivemind has spoken. Edit 2: This thread has apparently caught a second wind as of 10/27...I'm getting 50 Tom Cruise's per day in my mailbox again. Do you have any suggestions on how to harness the power of the hivemind to make something happen? PM me with your ideas! Edit 3: Listen guys, this post itself will get archived in a couple months' time, but that doesn't mean we can't keep it alive by starting a never-ending comment chain (thanks for the suggestion, OakTable). So let's keep this an immortal thread for posterity's sake and comment below me! Edit 4: "Belgium prosecutes Scientology as a criminal organisation. Charges are: extortion, fraud, privacy breaches and practice of illegal medicine."Guys, guys, guys, let's stop this circlejerk. ...is something Tom Cruise would never sayYou delicious bastard. (Tom Cruise)Tom Cruise.T^O^M^C^R^U^I^S^E T^O^M^C^R^U^I^S^E T^O^M^C^R^U^I^S^ET^O^M^C^R^U^I^S^ET^O^M^C^R^U^I^S^ET^O^M^C^R^U^I^S^ET^O^M^C^R^U^I^S^ET^O^M^C^R^U^I^S^ET^O^M^C^R^U^I^S^ET^O^M^C^R^U^I^S^ET^O^M^C^R^U^I^S^ET^O^M^C^R^U^I^S^ET^O^M^C^R^U^I^S^E****T^O^M^C^R^U^I^S^E
I remember the confusion and directionless futility of the job hunt after graduating from college. I ended up in a career I didn't know existed, and has little to do with my major. It should be helpful to current college graduates to know what is out there. What is your job? EDIT: Lots of interesting jobs. Might be helpful to readers if you post your actual Title and experience/degrees you have in order to land the job (if you want).I start on Friday as a Standardized Patient. Essentially, med students practice their bedside manner on me.They practice a lot more than bedside manner on some standardized patients. We have one guy locally who is the go-to for DREs. He gets paid to have a class of med students locate his prostate.I cut eyes out of dead people. I am an eye bank technician; I surgically remove corneas and whole eyes from donors for cornea transplants and research. I think most people don't WANT to know about my job.Well, when I die, I'll be seeing you.... or notMy brother has had two cornea transplants (due to keratoconus). Eventually he would have gone blind without the transplants. Its been about 12 years since the transplants, and his vision is getting worse again, so he will eventually need another transplant. Its rough. Anyway, THANK YOU for your work. :)
Just trying to gauge interest for a website concept EDIT: Okay, looks like I'm gonna go for it. Anyone with any sort of website building experience is welcome to give me advice :) EDIT 2: poorstudentscookbook.com is up and running! I'm gonna be working hard throughout the night to figure out how to actually run a website. Recipes and shit will be posted shortly. Thanks for all the interest! EDIT 3: First Recipe is up! Let me know what you guys think! I will accept all criticism. EDIT 4: Yes, I know the website is ugly right now. I promise to make it pretty in the near future, as soon as I start figuring out website development haha EDIT 5: The website is going to be free. I don't know why people think I'm making you pay for the recipes. I'll have ads but that's about it. And there will be a vegetarian section. It's not all going to come together instantly, but I can assure you that by the time school starts (September 1st for me) I will have a fully-functioning website. EDIT 6: A lot of you are messaging me with ideas for my website, and I just want you all to know that while I may not be able to reply to everyone, I'm going to try my best to take any and all suggestions into account. The response I've gotten has been awesome. I promise not to disappoint my fellow redditors!yes! r/richmealpoorstudentthank you for naming my websitehttp://budgetbytes.blogspot.com/I created r/budgetfood less than two months ago for this.It would be nice if some of the recipes were healthy meals, also. I have no troubles cooking cheap, it's cheap healthy food I struggle with. :/healthy in what sense? I have absolutely no problem eating foods that don't have tons of fat and grease. But I do struggle with fresh produce. I think that's pretty much unavoidable; produce tends to be expensive for what it is. And even when it isn't expensive, it goes bad over time so some of it goes to waste. There's nothing you can really do about that though. :( Frozen produce is the only way to avoid the relentless cycle.
Sex offenders get their address, picture, etc. posted online and restrictions about where they can live and where they can go, but in the mean time you could be living next to a murderer and be none the wiser. Why is that fair?Illinois requires murderers to register.I'm trying to debate internally how this would go out. "Hi, I'm a registered murderer. I'm required to let everyone within a 5-mile radius that I strangled my family in a fit of rage last October."I was confused, then I realized this happened after I escaped.I had it explained this way by the person in charge of my state's sex offender profiling: Unless you're a serial killer, murder is not driven by a compulsion. Murder is something people do either for gain or because they're angry. It's usually either targeted or it's a spur of the moment thing. If you live two doors down from someone who has committed murder but isn't a serial killer, and you don't fuck with them, there's probably a very good chance they won't murder you.
Throwaway accounts might be prudent. EDIT: TIL that every single corporation on the planet is unscrupulous, filthy, shady, nauseating, and/or just plain evil, and that I should never, ever shop anywhere ever again. EDIT #2: At this point I could not care less if my friend is full of shit or not, because these replies are AWESOME!Former fast food manager here. I don't know if this is a company-wide thing, but our regional McManager "strongly discouraged" us from firing anyone who had worked there more than six months, since they'd be eligible for unemployment. Instead, we were encouraged to make their lives into a living hell until they (hopefully) gave up and quit.it's practically policy at McDonald's. source: My McDonald's Manager Handbook.At Walmart the code for the intercom is #961. You are welcome and have fun. Edit 1: Ok just to clear up a few things. #961 is default intercom number. I have worked at 5 different Walmarts and at each this code could be used. One store had a different number (like #445) but #961 would still work. Every Walmart used to use the same code (#960) until someone decided to shout racist things over it lol. Then they changed the default by one number making it #961. Trust me....it works lol
I'm talking weird occurrences, coincidences you haven't been able to easily explain. I'll start. We have a breakfast laid on at work every morning, just a simple buffet of eggs, bacon what have you. Nothing huge and it's really only to feed about a dozen people or so. I am usually one of the first guys from my team to get to work and the kitchen was deserted as usual. I walked into the little kitchen, there was a ceramic egg tray thing with 12 eggs in it, like the bottom half of an egg carton with a socket for each egg. All spaces are filled with warm freshly boiled eggs. I take one, walk over to the garbage bin, shuck the shell then I walk back over to the food and stop dead. There are 12 eggs in the tray again. No one entered the room while I was peeling the thing. I touched the mystery egg it was the same temp as the other eggs around it. Not a big thing, nothing major, but something very strange. Given one does not get presented with strange eggs from a parallel universe every day I peeled and ate that one too. TL:DR - Found strange quantum egg at breakfast. Ate it. Did not gain super powers. EDIT Holy crap. You magnificent bastards, we're on the front page! Your stories are wonderful, uplifting and truly freaky in equal measure. But it's nice to know other people notice shit like this too. Redditor Wanhope was kind enough to start a subreddit for this topic so feel free to drop in and share your experiences!This will probably get buried .. When I was around 20, a few years ago, I kept having dreams about a woman with long black hair named Aroura [ pronounced A-roar-uh) . They were different dreams but for some reason, her distinct face and name always ended up in them. It got to the point where I would wake up frustrated and confused, trying to google her name or find out how I was connected to her. After a few months she stopped showing up and I dismissed it, thinking my brain was just being a "scumbag." Fast forward a few years later, Halloween 2009, I'm in the car with a friend stopped at a gas station. I'm about to pull out and merge onto a highway when I get a phone call from a random number, so I stop the car but no one answered. There was a person behind me who grew impatient, honked at me, and then swerved in front of me instead of waiting for 2 seconds for me to move. Second they get on the highway, some silver civic loses control of their wheel and crashes into the car that swerved in front of me. I called the cops and waited at the gas station for them to come. Turns out the drivers of both cars died. It 100% would of been me if I hadn't of got that phone call. Called it back a few hours later out of gratitude and curiosity, rang 3 times and went to voicemail. "Hi, you've reached aurora, please leave your name and number." Never had goosebumps like that in me life.
got the idea from this: http://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/c7osn/so_i_rented_a_movie_out_of_one_of_those_redboxdvd/c0qoplp. Post your codes and I'll add them to the list! cheat list: Stop: Stop: Play. Skip advertisements in movies and go strait to the movie. Dial 0 during most automatic menu phone systems to be taken to operator to route your call. also, mashing buttons may work as well. Whenever you have a voice automated phone system, typically saying "representative" gets you someone right away. Update In regards to Cheat Code # 2 I recommend this site: http://gethuman.com/ keep a spare car key in your wallet/purse. If you have a bulky Key that won't fit in your wallet, get a key made that doesn't have the electronic chip on it. It will still unlock the car, it just won't start it. changed by popular request Risk Update: if your wallet is stolen they have your car key. All they need to do is go to your house some time later and take your car out of your driveway. Riding a bicycle will save you lots of money on gas, parking, medical bills, and gym memberships. If you are speeding and suddenly up ahead see a cop that clearly just tagged you, slow down and wave to him/her. Your odds of being pulled over are quite a bit reduced. Don't be rude, but NEVER answer any cops questions when they call you in for questioning. when getting lectured into voice mail, hit 1, pause momentarily. If you aren't put through immediately, hit *, pause. Finally, hit # if neither 1 or * worked. It is called the 1-star-pound technique, and it works for all cell carriers. If your credit card magnetic stripe starts to get worn from use and being in your wallet, and doesn't always read in the card reader, you can use the plastic bag trick. Put the card in a plastic grocery bag and then swipe it. Not sure why it works, but it does.Taking it further though, you can simply apply a piece of quality cellophane tape over the mag stripe for a "permanent" plastic bag trick. At the end of your shower turn the water really (or all the way) cold. This will wake you up and get blood flowing. Update update 9: It also closes your pores to allow for less dirt and bacteria to get in to help reduce acne problems. Macy's credit cards usually have a 20% discount on purchases. I pay with the Macy's card, then while still at the register, I immediately pay off the charge with my debit card. I just got 20% off my purchase and I never get a credit card bill. - this also works with JCP and kohl's cards. im replacing the free movie rental cheat because its unpopular...mostly with movie rental clerks :-/ heres a new one! When you buy something online, you usually get a chance to enter a promo code before you purchase. Google the promo codes. They're out there - you can get anything from free shipping to 25% off the purchase. Turn it off, then on again. Buy things out of season, this can save you money. Unless its food, then buy it in season. When you have forgotten someones name, simply say : "I'm sorry, but what was your name one more time." They may act offended, but when they give you there first name you simply reply "No, I meant your last name." (more socially acceptable to forget). Bingo. First and last names. When eating buffalo wings, the flat portions. You can detach the smaller bone on one end very easily, then twist it a bit and it will just slide out. You're now left with a big hunk of meat and only 1 bone, you can just bite it off into your mouth in one piece, flintstones-style. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BRcOY-PvOC8 Gently work an orange in your hands to loosen the peel from the fruit. This makes it easy enough to get the whole peel in one shot. Can't find your car in a parking lot? hitting the lock button trying to get it to beep? Extend the distance of key-less entry by putting the key under your chin. The signal will resonate in your skull increasing the range dramatically. I swear to god this works, and I'm told it's safe because the radiation is non-ionizing. verification notice from ddrt via AskReddit sent 20 hours ago 9 is called the scottish shower. Just sayin' EDIT: I just tried #17 holy shit it works! If you get a ticket on the windshield of your car, you can potentially get away with parking illegally in the same lot for the rest of the day by keeping the ticket on your windshield. edited reduced from a few days for a single day. Most tinfoil and saran wrap boxes have little push-in tabs on the sides. If you push them in, the roll won't fall out when you try to rip out a sheet of it. Keep a list of all of the credit card phone numbers (1-800) in your cell phone. This way, if your wallet is ever lost, you can call them immediately to have them disabled. It's also a good idea to place all of the cards in your wallet on a copier and print a page to keep at home. This will give you access to your License #, etc. Update: You should update 20. If you lose your wallet.. as in misplace it.. put a hold on your credit cards. Do NOT cancel. If you cancel it can later show up on your credit report. If you believe you are going to find it later, placing a hold saves you the red mark on your report. If you are driving an unfamiliar car and you don't know which side the gas tank is on, just look at the little pump icon next to the gas gauge on the dashboard. The pump handle on the icon will be on the side of the tank. Update: saw the gas tank one on an older reddit, turns out the handle thing is not consistant. But there IS usually a little arrow next to the icon. Second Update 99% of the time the gas door is opposite of the tailpipe. So far, I have only found that early-mid 2000 Pontiac Vibes break this trend. Third update if there is no arrow, then it most likely is on the passenger's side. I've yet to see one without an arrow that wasn't on the passenger's side this tip was unpopular, so im changing it This one changed my life. If you're at home/work/party or GOD forbid your girlfriend's house and the toilet starts to overflow, take the lid off the back reservoir part and lift the long handle as far up as it will go. The water will stop rising and then you can quietly mutter curses at it till it goes back down (which it does, more often than not...) link to a Diagram: http://superhomeideas.com/images/toilet.gif to peel a boiled egg, roll it around on your plate for a while until all of the eggshell is cracked evenly. Then it's easy to remove the complete shell at once. After you boil eggs immediately place them in ice cold water for a few minutes. No vinegar or salt or oil or whatever people use. Shells slip right off you spill any liquid that will stain on your carpet (red wine, juice, etc), pour some salt on it. Work it into the carpet - just rub it in with your hands. Leave it there for a few hours (for serious stains, up to a day) and vacuum it out. Voila, stain gone. If you park in a large parking garage/shopping centre, get out and take a photo on your cell phone of the nearest parking sign (Area B2, etc). You will never lose your car again. If you drive stick and the battery s dead, get some friends, put the key to the on position, put the car in 2nd and push the clutch down. have your friends push your car. when you get a decent speed going let the clutch up. (this is called "Popping the clutch." your car with start and you can drive around for a while to recharge your battery(provided nothing is wrong with the battery or the alternator). Update thanks for the input guys, i switched it from 1st geear to 2nd gear. Tapping on the top of a beer or soda can will make it fizz less! Peel a banana from the bottom, which is one of r/sciences 2nd highest scoring link of all time! http://www.reddit.com/r/science/top/?t=all 4,2,3,1 -- Vending machine cheat code. (As in, the vertical buttons machines, like this one http://www.enterprisevending.com/Images/vending.jpg ). will grant access to vending machine's diagnostic menu. most times the fun features are disabled, but i've gotten a free powerade and a couple cokes in the past. use this at your own risk Re: #30, I worked as a parking enforcement officer during college and we can tell when it's fake. The fine for this offense (at the university I worked at) was $250, and usually a ban from parking at the university (i.e., booted or towed on sight). College Parking Cheat Code: Anyone who's gone to a college or university knows they usually charge a ridiculous amount of money for parking (usually $300+ for a semester pass or $10+ for the daily passes), a service that should fucking be free for students considering the high cost of education. Fuck them. Buy one daily pass at the beginning of the school year (usually a small paper ticket printed out a machine on the lot), take it home and scan it, photoshop the date for tomorrow, and print. Repeat for the next 4 years. Anyone with even the most rudimentary photoshop skills can pull this off convincingly. Even if your printer is shitty, from behind the tint and glare of a car windshield, it might as well be a 7-11 receipt. I did this for 2 years at a UC and saved hundreds of dollars. **Holy Crap, just when i think the thread is dead I wake up to find an Iphone app made out of it. here's the link: http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/101-real-life-cheats-hacks/id382306745?mt=8# **Walk on the sides of stairs to avoid/reduce creaks.Walk without rhythm and you won't attract the worm.Also works for hallways with wooden floors. And lifting a doorknob while opening a door can reduce squeaks.This belongs in a subsection: ninja hints.Altair?
Speaking for the US. I don't know about other countries. EDIT: I'm not personally concerned for my safety or my neighborhood. The question just came to me this morning and I wanted to hear some arguments from both sides!I know in Indiana all violent offenders are registered. Child molestation and related crimes, rape, murder, attempted murder, and I've even seen battery on registry entries with no sexual crime listed.I live in Indiana and am bored at work. Is there a website where I can look this up?Also, many states have "Whiskey Plates" -- license plates that indicate a prior DWIBasically, because some girl got raped and killed by a next door neighbor who had previously pleaded guilty to two prior sexual assaults on young girls. After this happened, everyone was floored that no one had been informed this guy had a prior record, as presumably they would have acted differently had they known. This outrage eventually became Megan's Law, which was then taken on in other states across the country.
throwaways welcome. Edit: front page?!?! looks like my inbox icon will be staying orange...ALPR cameras. Most people are probably aware that a lot of police cars have automatic plate-reading cameras, but they don't realize just how much information they collect. Every single license plate that is seen by the cameras, whether the car is moving or not, is stored in a database with its time and GPS coordinates. Then you can look up every instance of when a particular plate was seen by any ALPR camera in the system, on a Google Maps type interface with a moveable time window. Over time you can build up a really comprehensive view of an individual's movements.God dammit it's hard to be a criminal nowadays.ALPR gave me a really shitty weekend once. We used to get notices in the mail that our vehicles would expire their registration soon. Apparently the state stopped doing that and a state trooper stopped me using ALPR to detect that had an expired registration. Then he forced me to give up the car to have it towed and impounded. This was on a Friday. The impound lot closes a hour from the time I was pulled over. On top of that, it was the Friday before the weekend when hurricane sandy was coming. I drive a 93 corvette and it doesn't handle heavy rain well due to poor weatherstripping.
http://i.imgur.com/74JNM.png I absolutely love this picture! I want to make an album on my computer so that whenever I'm feeling sad or anything I'll look at the album and be happy! So reddit, what's your happiest and funniest pictures!? Edit: Don't forget to upvote so I can get tons of pictures! Edit2: I strike-throughed my last edit, Someone complained Edit3: I have come to the conclusion that just for you guys since you seemed to like this thread so much I will be putting the best of the best pics & gifs in an album on imgur tomorrow! All for you guys I will be putting it in r/funny! Thanks for a great thread guys! See you tomorrow! Edit4: http://imgur.com/a/sJjES Album here Edit5: Apperently I made it on the msn news so that's pretty damn cool Edit6: so this post is the second most viewed link of 2012, right behind President Obama's AMA. Thanks a lot guys it's pretty insane thinking about it!http://i.imgur.com/OCfxx.gifThat would piss me off so much, even watching it kinda bugs me hahaThere's only one Arsene Wenger.I always wondered how dumb I look when I do that. Now I know EXACTLY how dumb I look. Thanks, edjumication.he is a master of disguise.http://i.imgur.com/Me2O1.gif
5 min ago my reddit all turned spanish....all the tabs, preferences..etc. I went into preferences and made sure they were checked to english....they were....what is going on? I cant read spanish so I am in need of some help here....i am asking you b/c I cannot find the mod help link b/c I cannot read it. UPDATE- ok- it must have something to do with firefox. And to all of you telling me how to change lang. preference, OF COURSE I TRIED THAT before I posted. On IE all is normal. On my desktop all is normal. On my netbook, using firefox, it is a taco show. I ran the page through google translator and I especially enjoy the rick roll. So anyone know how to un-spanish reddit in firefox? This is the only page it is happening on. EDIT- I must admit this is hilarious. I wish i had paid more attention in spanish class.... UPDATE- So I wake up this morning to about 1500 replies in my inbox that I cannot read. And then I run them through Google translator and most of them say stuff like "the dog is in my pants" and "where is the library". Thanks, reddit. As far as the Spanish problem goes.. I disabled all my firefox extensions, cleared all my cookies and restarted it all again. THE SPANISH IS GONE! I do not know what possessed my computer to run for the border, but I am glad it is back. :)Simplemente vaya a su página de preferencias y busque la opción de idioma apropiado.Jajaja , me encanta cómo incluso el administrador está consiguiendo adentro en esto. Buenos tiempos.Obtener una buena cantidad de mantequilla de maní en un cuchillo o una cuchara (esta cantidad varía en función de sus preferencias personales) y se distribuyen de manera uniforme en uno o dos rebanadas de pan para que el pan no se empapada por la jalea. Limpie cualquier resto de la mantequilla de maní residual de la navaja en la segunda pieza de pan. Scoop un poco de jalea en la otra rebanada de pan. Una vez más, la cantidad depende de usted, pero en caso de duda, utilice menos y no más. Jelly tiende a apretar los bordes y goteo si se utiliza demasiado. Asegúrese de difundir la gelatina uniformemente. Presione suavemente las dos rebanadas de pan juntos. Siempre ponga la mantequilla de maní y jalea lados juntos, de lo contrario será un lío "(además de no se peguen). Considere eliminar la corteza seca con un cortador de galletas de buena forma o un cortador de sandwich especial. Cortar las cortezas de preparar el sándwich más apetecible y más fácil para los niños de tragar. Cortar las cortezas de preparar el sándwich más apetecible y más fácil para los niños de tragar. Mantequilla el primer pan (el lado con la mantequilla de maní) realza el sabor. Tenga en cuenta que también añade grasa a la comida. Usted puede hacer sandwiches con rapidez haciendo todos a la vez.
Here's a post that was on here a year ago. I figured we needed an updated list. My all-time favorite useful sites are: ninite.com - install a lot of essential software, fast mailinator.com - free disposable email account zamzar.com - online file conversion sleepyti.me - tells you when you should go to bed/wake up for optimal sleep backblaze.com - unlimited space for backup for $5/month. Also has automated backup software that runs in the background. interfacelift.com - awesome wallpapers preyproject.com - free software to track, lock, and secure your computer, android, and iDevice (soon) Edit: Holy cow, this took off a lot more than I thought. Obligatory thank you for the upvotes. :) Also, if you're thinking about suggesting reddit.com, have a look at the comments section first. Thanks. Edit 2: I made this to post your little known subreddits. Post away. :)Maybe not everyone but every redditor who reddits at work should know about http://msoutlookit.com/Made by the same redditor: http://msworddit.com/My god.... I love it.THIS. CHANGES. EVERYTHINGMy God.....this is reddit....
So I was in a coffee shop this morning studying for a midterm. At one point I look up from my table and I see a twenty dollar bill laying at the feet of an attractive blonde making an order. I assumed it was hers since her wallet was open, so I walked over, picked it up and gave it to her. She took a look in her wallet and had all her money accounted for, so she told me it wasn't hers and said something along the lines of 'finders keepers'. So without thinking I handed the twenty to the cashier to pay for her order and walked back to my table. A few moments later, the blonde walked over to thank me and give me the change. I said "I know that normally guys are supposed to introduce themselves first and then take a girl out for coffee, but since I did this all backwards, how would you like to sit down and give me a chance to introduce myself?" She sat down. We talked. I got her phone number AND a date this weekend. In no way could I have scripted it any better. So Reddit, what is the smoothest thing you or someone else has done or said that ended in a date? EDIT: I scored a date AND the front page! Today was a good day!I worked at an "information desk" on a college campus about two years ago. One day, an attractive young lady around my age asked me where the cookie shop was. I directed her to it, and she thanked me. After she left, I realized I should have made a move, and I hated myself for not doing so. Then, I saw her later that day. I waved to her. She waved back and smiled. I motioned for her to come to the desk. I asked her, plain and simple, "Could I call you some time?" She said sure and gave me her phone number. One day while we were chatting about a week later, I asked her what kind of cookie she went to get the first time I saw her. She had no idea what I was talking about. Because she wasn't the same girl I had seen initially.
ALRIGHT ALRIGHT WE'LL DO IN AMA NEXT MONDAY STARTING AT 10AM PST Thank you everyone for the awesome response. Our traffic just shot up 350% and it's still going up. Sorry about not responding enough, we got entirely overwhelmed by the comments and discussion. There were many serious questions and we think we can try to answer them better in r/IAmA. See you then! I'm one of the founders of Microryza, we're basically like, crushing it. I'm just kidding. Science crowdfunding is hard. But we love what we're doing so much that we dropped out of grad school to spend the past year doing nothing but coding and talking to scientists. We think it's important because when were working in labs, all these brilliant scientists and professors never spent their time in their lab doing research and spent all their time writing grant proposals. We decided that science isn't supposed to work like this. A recent survey by NIH saw that the average PI spends 12 weeks/year writing grant proposals. I wrote a blog post about this and some of the other problems that young scientists face in academia:
I'm guessing they accidently went with the default "ship to billing address" option. The kicker is they actually called me (pretending to be a Best Buy employee), said they had shipped a package in error and I should leave it outside for UPS to pickup. Luckily, I noticed the charge on my credit card and was able to return the iPad for a full refund. I gave the phone number to the cops. EDIT: Holy crap front page, damn it typo!A friend of mine had his backpack with his $1400 engineering laptop in it, stolen, while at the campus food court. I had a weird gut feeling it would turn up on Craigslist, or somewhere similar. Everyday for a week I checked Craigslist. Exactly one week later, I found the laptop. This EXTREMELY stupid criminal took a picture of the laptop screen WITH MY FRIEND'S LOGIN NAME. Yeah, very stupid criminal. So I contacted the seller immediately via email and he responded within 20 minutes. I said I'd like to buy the laptop from him. We agreed to meet at a near by parking lot later that day. Next, we called the cops. They agreed to set up a sting on the theif. One of the officers pretended to be a buyer, and approached the thief. The officer acted as if he was examining the laptop, but was actually looking for the serial number. BOOM, it had a matching serial number and they arrested this dumbshit. A week ago (Four months later) the guy was proven guilty, and to my knowledge, is spending a year in prison. Plus, my buddy finally got his laptop back!
If most people didn't have to go to work, wouldn't voter turn-out be higher?I'm sorry, but we have Columbus Day off here at work (as well as, President's Day). I can't logically or rightfully fathom why Election Day isn't a holiday when something as absurd as Columbus day is. /end rant.It's because Election Day is designated by the Constitution and predates Columbus Day. In 1787 when the document was drafted, the concept of "holiday" usually just referred to religious celebrations, so making it a holiday back then wouldn't have made much sense at the time. Then the question is: why haven't we changed this? Answer: we haven't changed this in the current day because the federal government makes changes at a snail's pace, and frankly changing the dynamics of election day just isn't an issue that they're ever going to care about.Here's something to consider. Would a national holiday make voting harder for some people? Keep in mind that national holidays are only suggestions as far as work is concerned (outside of the federal government), but schools usually do abide by them. How many people would need to stay home and take care of their kids all of a sudden? Sounds like what you want is a mandated national holiday. That's something new and different.
When I worked at Hollywood video (before that evil corporation went out of business) a man came into my store and bought one bag of popcorn. When I opened the register he pulled a box cutter out of his pocket and told me to give him all the money. My first reaction was to laugh. I couldn't believe I was being robbed. He then waved the box cutter around and swore he wasn't horsing around to which I told him he wasn't getting anything. He said he'd cut me and I told him good luck climbing over the counter to get me. He then placed his hands on the counter and leaned towards me. I grabbed a box cutter of my own and said look at that, a Mexican stand off. Now here is where it gets silly. The man asked if I was threatening him. I said no sir, still laughing at the situation. He then proclaimed he was calling the police and I said please do. He did and he WAITED for the police to arrive! He told them I brandished a box cutter and threatened his life. I then showed the fine officer our security footage and wouldn't you know it? He arrested my new friend. That's my favorite work story, call it bullshit if you want. So, any great stupid "criminal" stories?I worked at a bowling alley in high school. We had a guy climb up into the ceiling in the restroom and wait until we closed, so he could climb down and rob it. Not only did he not get any money (everything was locked up in a gigantic safe from the 1930's that probably weighed over a thousand pounds), but he couldn't even get out of the building - all the steel fire doors were padlocked on the outside, and I guess he didn't want to risk being seen smashing the glass on the front doors, since it was right by a busy road. He did the only logical thing, which was go back to the bar and drink all night - the manager found him passed out on the floor when he opened up in the morning.this is strangely similar to a story I wasn't going to post, because it was very successful. also at a bowling alley where I used to work, guy hides in the ceiling of the bathroom (we think - still hasn't been caught) comes down after we close, deactivates alarm (smashes it) breaks down a fire exit, lets in his buddies ( we presume, based on what happens next) and then they leave with the entire safe - which was also very old like the one in your story and weighed at least 1/4 tonne - and ALL the CCTV footage. unfortunately there was only about £30 in the safe.
Here is a compiled list of all the 1000+ upvoted items. You're welcome :) I could use some more brand recommendations. -TECHNOLOGY AND TOOLS- High Speed Internet: if you live within a FiOS or Cable footprint, get it. If your only option is dial-up or DSL... I'm sorry PC Hard drive - Solid State Drive (SSD): It's quiet and with it your PC could boot in just 6 seconds. Nothing too large is required, when you see a 128G on sale at newegg.com pick it up. You only really need to put the operating system on it and all your other data can go on a normal hard drive. Mechanical Keyboard: (brands) Dual Monitors: I can speak to this one, I can't function well without looking at two screens. Have an extra lying around? Use it. Or buy an extra one you won't regret it. Headphones: Audio TEchnica ATH-M50, these seem to have some great reviews for under $200 bucks. Pens: Pilot G2 Pro, Platinum Preppy Fountain Pen (gouletpens.com) Backpacks: SwissGear (I've had mine for years, use daily still looks new) Tools: Craftsmen, Snap-On Bicycles: (brands) -ATTIRE- Good Shoes: I wear Aldos everyday and love them. Would like to know what others recommend for brands. Fleece Lined Tights: (brands) Bras: (brands) Wool Socks: Wigwam El Pine, Carhartt, Dickies Sunglasses: Oakleys, Raybans - go for polarized Jeans: Levis (more brands) -CONSUMABLES- Bread: Go to a bakery if you can, if not get the bread from the supermarket's bakery. Don't buy Wonderbread, Sunbeam or similar. Vegatables: If you have a Farmers Market around, utilize them. The produce is fresher and most times cheaper than the supermarket. Real Maple Syrup: Kirkland Maple syrup Parmesan Cheese: Buy it in a block and grate it yourself. Avoid the stuff in a can. Cheese: Don't buy anymore Kraft American singles. Visit your deli and ask for some Muenster or Havarti. Coffee: (brands) Chocolate: Lindt Sausages: aManescape says you have to buy Sausages with weird shit in em! Beer: Craft beers Cat Food: Fancy Feast dry cat food, although AZeldanrust's cat now pukes with anything else. This seems like it would have to be a committed change, so be careful. -KITCHEN ITEMS- Cutlery: (brands) Paper Towels: Viva Brand -BATHROOM ITEMS/MAKEUP- Toothbrush: Sonicare Razors: (brands) Shaving Cream: (brands) Foundation: Estee Lauder Doublewear -BEDROOM- Mattress: Temperpedic Sheets: Get a set with at least 600 thread count.Tempurpedic mattress. Gf at the time had chronic back pain. Spent 3k on a mattress. I can never go back. Every girl I've ever had over falls in love with it. Although it's terrible for having sex on because it absorb all the movement. Like banging on quicksandKepp your old bed in the next room. "Please, allow me to escort you to the fuck bed"Having sex on a Tempurpedic bed is quite the workout.I've never had an issue with sex on my tempur pedic... But I hear most people don't enjoy it. I kind of like that it absorbs the shock so your bed isn't rocking back and forth like crazy during sex.
She was telling me about it today and i couldn't think about anything except how horrible high school people can be. So here's the story. This guy set up a facebook event for this party at this big hall and over 120 people RSVP'd. 700+ invited. So it's not like no one knew about it. Considering the amount of people that would know about it and come, even if they hadn't clicked attending, was that high this guy booked a massive hall that could cater for such a large event. This cost him around $1500 which included food, security etc. Then he decided instead of using an iPod, which would probably get lost/stolen on the night, he'd hire a DJ. That cost $400. All of this the host had spent months working his ass off so he was able to actually afford it and hold the 'best party ever!' Come the night of the party, weeks of preperation money and organisation, this party is expected to go off! My sister heads off to this massive venue, 'fashionably late' aswell, and no one else is there. Much to their surprise, It's just an empty hall with lights going on and a DJ doing his thing. Then she finds the host and asks the normal questions; 'where is everyone' etc. He is as baffled as my sister was. Not even his best mates had shown up which was even more surprising. Now this is just the most gut-wrenching part of this whole thing. The host then calls his friends. He asks them 'where the hell are you guys?!' and, obviously on loudspeaker an uproar of laughter comes from the person speaking and you can also hear it in the background. He starts crying and everything, absolutely devastated about what has happened. Not only is he out of pocket at $1900 least and knowing that all your friends possibly organised a boycott for this event . When I was told this story i couldn't stomach how harsh and horrible people can be. I never even though this happened, especially on such a large scale as this. TL;DR Host works for months to be able to afford expenses for a party which was expected to have over 120 people in attendance. No one actually attended except for my sister, her friends, the host, his parents and girlfriend. When he called his mates to see when they'd come, they, as well as many other people in the background, just laughed at him and hung upThe worst part about this is that his "friends" had to all get together and sit around waiting for him to call, just so they could laugh in his face..How does a group of people stop 100+ people from going to a party? Something doesn't make sense.For my high school's 5 year anniversary, one enterprising student made a facebook group and went through the yearbook, adding everyone he could possibly find. About 630 of the roughly 700 students from our graduating class joined the group and started in on how everyone was doing, where everyone was living etc. For the actual IRL get-together invite, about 150 people said yes and 300 or so said maybe. The guy who organized it rented out a private room at a bowling alley, paid for a bartender and got a ridiculous amount of food and such, as well as having all 4 yearbooks and putting together a DVD of random videos from sporting events, plays, funny skits from the school news, everything. This guy went all out.
Title says it all, just state your profession and your number one tip - or more. I.E. Boxer/Boxing Coach "If you ever get in a fight, throw your punches in a straight line, not a wide-looping-circle." EDIT: Whoa this thread took off! Thanks everyone for the awesome knowledge! Gotta say some of them are interesting, and some hella funny. Keep it up! I wanna hear more EDIT: Woohoo! First page, first time ever. Thanks again for all the awesome advice everyone, gotta say i'm loving it!Fix/Replace your roof before fixing the interior. If you see a leak starting in a drywall ceiling, poke a small hole in it. The water will drain instead of spreading and causing more damage.Protip: tie a piece of string or twine around a nail or screw and push it into to drywall seam where the leak is to create a hole, and dangle the other end of the string down into the bucket. This lets you collect multiple leaks with one bucket, and you won't have to hear drip.....drip.....drip all night, as the water will travel down the string and into the bucket even at an angle.I'm a lawyer. If you've got a problem, collect evidence. When you testify during the lawsuit, your word means little. You may lose the case due to lack of evidence supporting your side, regardless of what actually happened. I've seen good people, including my own clients, lose cases where I had no doubt they were in the right, just because they had nothing to show for themselves except their own say-so.
Tattoos, having a child, that time you went "I think I can make that jump..." Or "what's the worst that could happen?"Bought a penis-ring to have sex with my ex-GF. The first (and only) time I used it, I set the ring size way too small - basically choked my penis from lack of circulating blood. Completed sex, but the next morning my penis was shriveled (like half its normal flaccid size)and looked like it was covered in really tiny veins everywhere. Went to the ER and it turns out that I caused ischemia in parts of my penis, burst a few blood vessels, and basically destroyed my ability to get an erection for the rest of my life. I am only in my 20's. Edit: I didn’t expect this comment to blow up so much, thank you all for your empathy (and TY for the reddit gold). There are a lot of questions below. This happened three years ago, and my ex broke up with me shortly afterwards. I can still get a semi-erection, maybe 20% of what it was previously if I use viagra. It gets engorged somewhat, but doesn't get 'up' like previously. ED causes a lot of stress, anxiety, worry, etc. no matter what age you are. The worst part was that I really couldn’t confide in anybody what was the source of my stress… my parents especially could see something was wrong whenever I visited, but I just told them that I was upset because my girlfriend broke up with me.
[removed]From mtv.com "A verbal argument ensued and Brown pulled the vehicle over on an unknown street, reached over Robyn F. with his right hand, opened the car door and attempted to force her out. Brown was unable to force Robyn F. out of the vehicle because she was wearing a seat belt. When he could not force her to exit, he took his right hand and shoved her head against he passenger window of the vehicle, causing an approximate one-inch raised circular contusion. "Robyn F. turned to face Brown and he punched her in the left eye with his right hand. He then drove away in the vehicle and continued to punch her in the face with his right hand while steering the vehicle with his left hand. The assault caused Robyn F.'s mouth to fill with blood and blood to splatter all over her clothing and the interior of the vehicle. "Brown looked at Robyn F. and stated, 'I'm going to beat the sh-- out of you when we get home! You wait and see!' " The detective said "Robyn F." then used her cell phone to call her personal assistant Jennifer Rosales, who did not answer. "Robyn F. pretended to talk to her and stated, 'I'm on my way home. Make sure the police are there when I get there.'
Do memes exist? If so, are there deferent ones, or are the same memes just translated? Does trolling exist? Has any English-language internet culture originated in other languages? I think it's easy to forget that the internet is an international and multi-lingual phenomenon, especially with the privilege of being an English speaker. I'm really curious as to whether the same patterns exist in other languages.In Thai, the number 5 is pronounced "ha" - so instead of saying "LOL" or "haha", people just write "55555". So if you see that anywhere on the interwebs, it's not some crazy number cult, just Thai people laughing! Edit: I feel like it's my duty to inform you all that Mashable/The Atlantic have used our comments as inspiration for an article (and they've even called this thread "amazing"!): http://mashable.com/2012/12/12/laugh-online-languages/In Chinese, 5 is "wu", and so it's sometimes used exactly opposite to you - 55555 would be "wuwuwuwuwu", meaning "boohoohoohoohoo", crying.That's like Spanish speakers writing jajajaTIL Asians even laugh in maths.
EDIT 10: Replaced pie charts with columns showing the top percentages EDIT 9: We are back up! Thanks to Ed at Zymic for all the help! EDIT 8: Working with Zymic to get the site back up Last week I setup a survey on a "free" survey account. It was "free" until I tried to retrieve the results. So I promised to make a new one. Here it is. I've been on reddit for a while, and I really enjoy the community. I always wondered who the people of reddit are. So I make a quick survey to find out. This is not a scam. Every single question is optional, you don't have to answer a single question if you don't want to. It's 100% anonymous, I don't ask you a single question about your name or account. You can look through my reddit profile and see that I've been here for a while, and am not just a bot trying to steal data. If you have any questions or suggestions let me know. If you think of any new questions I can add them easily. Now, here's the best part....INSTANT RESULTS!!!! I've created a real-time results page.. That's updated every time someone takes the survey! EDIT: Please upvote if you take the survey, so that others can see it. Thanks! EDIT 2: I am aware that Atheism and Agnostic are not Religions, but there that was the best place to put them. EDIT 3: Results require flash! EDIT 4: Only two people have reported finding the easter egg.....c'mon guys! EDIT 5: Shutting Down Temporarily for troll cleanup EDIT 6: The site has crashed, since it's hosted by some other company, I'm having trouble restoring it. I'll be working on it and get it up as soon as I can, ok it's up, but still being trolled.Thanks, Now I know I'm not unique in any sense.It would be kind of interesting if after answering you could know how many people answered EXACTLY like you.The OP should add an essay question, to help capture our unique individual essence!I'm unique in the aspect that I have a vagina! But that's about it :-(I love how the results page makes it look like I'm doing work! :)
We have to get people out of this habit of defend your team at all costs (teams being Democrats vs Republicans/Progressives vs Conservatives). Most of our elected representatives in Congress on both sides are bought and have no obligation to the rest of us. Until we get all this money out of politics, they will not represent anything but what that money tells them to represent. Just enough voters buy into this Dems vs Cons crap to keep anything from changing anytime soon.This is the root of why this problem is nearly unsolvable.I read a stat somewhere, and I don't remember the exact numbers, but there was a poll about whether voters thought congress was doing a good job: somewhere around 20%. Voters who thought THEIR congressman was doing a good job: about 85%. Every politician sucks except my guy syndrome. The only way to change the government is to vote to change the government, which means the people there. EDIT: I just want to add my personal feeling that the best thing we can do is to vote for a third party (any third party). Any democrat and republican, even if against a certain issue, faces a HUGE amount of pressure from the party itself to vote a certain way, and may find themselves without campaign funds next time they're up for election, which means potentially out of a job.
Things like how to get things cheaper, what you do to people that are rude, etc.I've said this before in another thread, but I used to work in a butter factory. As far as bricked butter is concerned, buy the cheapest shit you can find. It's literally the same stuff. There are like 3 butter factories in the US, and they send them off to get packaged. That's what the company I worked for did. The butter came in 22kg boxes and were put in a giant churner for freshness, and that churner pushed it through the pipes to 16 different labelling machines. We had 200+ labels we would put on them, Land O'Lakes, Crystal, Great Value... Literally same butter, same machines. Have to fill 4 pallets of Great Value today? Put the labels in machine 4 for a few hours. Salted and unsalted, that is the only difference.My sister owns her own bakery and has been saying this for many years.It's not just butter. I work in a frozen food factory (engineering dept, thankfully. The floor is brutal.) We crosspack for about a dozen different brands. The dirty little secret is that each type of frozen food (mexican, italian, asian, whatev) is made by one or a few companies and get shoved into boxes for the big boys. That bargain stuff from the company you've never heard of? Same shit as in the fancy white box, provided it's the same type of product. We all specialize in just a few different lines.
EDIT: Glad I got so many responses, your stories have all been awesome. It's great to see the amount of gold everyone's gettingMy mom is a trucker, this is her story. She was driving through Arizona when she saw what she thought was leaves blowing across the road in the distance. This puzzled her since there's mostly pine trees in northern Arizona. When she finally got to the "leaves" she realized that they were migrating tarantulas, 1000's of them. There were so many of them that her truck was sliding on their guts so she had to slow down. She stopped at the first truck stop and told her co-driver to fuel up (he was sleeping at the time) because she wasn't going to step foot outside after what she just saw. Her co-driver was pissed since it was technically his time off, and he thought she was crazy, until he saw the tarantula guts and legs caked in the inside wheel well of the truck. She also outran a tornado in the midwest. She was about to pull over and take cover until she saw another big rig that was parked on the side of the road get tossed a couple hundred yards like a toy. She called me and told me that she thought she was going to die and wanted her last words to be "I love you" to me. She pulled off the freeway and got to a Wal-Mart, where she ran into the basement where all the staff and customers were taking shelter. After the tornado passed, they stepped out of the basement and into daylight, since the Wal Mart was destroyed.
Surprised no one else has said this. Throwing away left over food instead of eating it later. I've worked in the restaurant industry for years and it's appalling the amount of food that gets thrown away that would be perfectly fine the next day. I constantly pack my leftovers and eat them for lunch.I ate leftovers for lunch nearly 8 years in a row. My lunches were always so much better than the squashed and soggy PBJ that everyone else had. However, up until the last month or so, there was no way to heat anything up. I can eat almost anything cold, but lord, the microwave is magical for taking leftovers to the next level. I could never work at a restaurant because all that waste would drive me nuts. I actually get antsy just thinking about it. That's free food for months, and I could feed the homeless guy on the corner too! TL;DR I like leftovers. Cold or hot, waste them I will not.I eat leftovers but hubby doesn't.. Drives me crazy cause he expects a new meal every night when last nights meal could be just as good reheated today and we saved money.. So leftovers are usually my lunch for the week...
I've talked about this with many people over the years, both in academic and casual contexts, and found only rarely a real answer, but maybe a broader audience will bear fruit. I'm genuinely curious when the last time was any of you spent time analyzing, researching or reasoning out a moral or ethical position you hold, and determined that you were in fact wrong, and took up a new position on whatever issue it concerned.At 32 I decided to no longer hate the Turks. I'm greek and my family was run off their land by the Turks in the 30s, but Turkish people I meet today had nothing to do with that and I just couldn't justify the hate in my mind anymore.How many Greeks still hate turks for similar reasons.? Approximately. Like one percent, 25, 50 or 99?This attitude right here, applied to a global scale, can save the world.I used to think that all drug addicts were degenerate lowlifes. I remember I used to shudder at the sight of them hunched in an alley on my way to school. To me, they were scumbags who couldn't control themselves.
CONCLUSION: I will use Reddit Toolbar. Thanks for the suggestions! So then you have to go back to reddit to find it. edit: Sorry, sheesh. Next time I'll stick it in DAE. (haha, stick it in.) edit2: Really, reddit? Really? This has no business being #1 on the front page. But thanks anyway. edit3: chewp911 posted the same question 3 days ago and now he's sad that he didn't word his question as elegantly nor attractively as I did (I did NOT linkjack him, just a coincidence) ... anyone wanna throw him some pity votes to help brighten his day? Maybe we could get both of these to the top of the front page and piss everyone off! HA! http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/bish1/how_often_do_you_open_reddit_links_in_tabs_and/Preferences -> Display links with a reddit toolbar Enjoy :)Or if you don't want to turn the toolbar on but want to use it for a specific link you can type "reddit.com/" directly in front of the url and it will display it.If you use Firefox, check out the much more elegant extension that does the same thing. Edit: There's also a port for Chrome, although I've never used it so I can't speak to its completeness, stability, etc. Edit 2: The experimental version works in Firefox 3.6 if the main download is still broken.Sweet!
[deleted]Where's my Droid. As much as I use some of the other apps (especially the flashlight), I always seem to lose my damn phone in a couch, or god knows where...and it is ALWAYS on vibrate when it happens. So, you text a preselected word or phrase to your phone from a friends phone or what have you, and it automatically turns on the ringer to max volume, and plays until you find it...once you find it, you just hit the found phone button, and the app closes and your ringer settings return to what they were previously. Good stuff. Edit: I use the free version. Obviously the paid version is better (WMD also has the ability to take pictures with front and rear cameras, remotely activate gps, do a remote wipe, can use camera flash to help find it, can white/black list numbers, has a passcode that you can set to keep people from changing your keywords, sim card options, etc. some 'advanced' features are only available in the paid version...and YES there ARE versions of this type of app for the iPhone, but I don't know the names or quality.)Look into Cerberus. Amazing app. Edit: Link
This questions stems from the idea that some Dyson vacuums are so expensive. Are they really that awesome?As a contractor - my Dewalt radio. First tool off the truck, last tool on. Plus it charges batteries too. It doubles as a seat for break time and can survive a fall off the roof. I've had mine for about 10 years now, probably longer than any other tool I own Edit: thanks for all the comments. I tried to reply to most of you. If I missed you I'm sorry. edit: http://www.nationalwholesaletools.com/browseproducts/DeWalt-Heavy-Duty-Worksite-Radio-Charger--(DW911).html. for those who wanted to see the exact model.We have one of these at work (golf course) and things tend to get trashed since we are reckless and break things. It has outlasted the break room TV, 3 riding mowers, and 2 sets of Kobalt Blue tool kits. We have had more people have heart attacks and die on the course than Dewalt radios die.Seriously, Dewalt is probably the best jobsite radio out there. I had three makita radios in a year, then bought the dewalt and the thing is still functional aftre three years and probably gallons of paint spilled on it.
I work from a home office, and this time of year is really slow for my company. Of course, I need to stay close to my computer to respond to emails and calls, but I'd like to find something to do with my time. So Reddit: What can I do with my time at home? I'm a 23 year old American guy who is fairly well rounded (skill and knowledge wise) so you may suggest some things I already know or do, but I'd like any input you guys can get me! I'll update the post as responses roll in. Edit: (8:16 Central Time) Still buried in mail. you guys are awesome. Again- thanks, and keep 'em coming! I'm starting work on a (highly abridged) list, but as several folks have linked, there are many similar lists on reddit and elsewhere. Learning: Khan Academy, iTunesU, DuoLingo, r/onlineeducation, r/learnprogramming, TED Talks Fitness: r/fitness, kegels Hobbies: Pen spinning, Rubix Cube, Writing or Blogging, Penmanship/Calligraphy, Music, r/juggling, Needle Arts, Woodworking Gaming: r/Minecraft, r/WoW, r/leagueoflegends, r/dwarffortress, r/starcraft, r/webgames Giving Back: FreeRice, Optimists International, Planet HuntersHere you go: http://www.noexcuselist.com/Awesome, also some other stuff like this, along with a lot of useless websites you should avoid getting dragged into can be found on www.reddit.com/r/internetisbeautifulIt's time to HIT THE DESK GYM.Hell yes.Related. You could stand up. Look into a standing desk. There have been several recent studies that show that sitting for five or more hours a day significantly increases your chance of an early death, even if you work out for several hours a week. (I'm too lazy to find sources.)
Edit: Link http://www.examiner.com/article/the-westboro-church-plans-to-picket-the-aurora-shooting-memorial-service Edit 2: According to This Facebook page the memorial is at 6:30 on Sunday at Aurora city hall. Edit 3: Latest informationKansan Here. I just want to say, if you plan on making signs for this thing, make signs that are in complete support of the victims and the survivors of the shooting and make absolutely NO REFERENCE to the WBC being there. Don't even acknowledge them. If you start making the memorial service about THEM, they win. I imagine it is also nice for the families and the survivors to be seeing signs of love and support, rather than political statements against some dumb fucking church in Topeka. I wish I could be there to give my respects. Good luck to you! edit* I mixed up cities and said they were from Wichita. I'm sorry Wichita. I didn't mean it.This is so true. There is absolutely a time for joking and having fun with the WBC, but that time would not be now. Save that for when they just picket colleges etc. Right now at this horrible time in some people's lives is the time to ignore them and show support. Make it about the funeral and the lives lost, NEVER make it about the WBC and your counter-protest.THIS! They picket my high school graduation every year. They are LAWYERS and make their money off of people who say or do the wrong things like threats ect. And it's always good to hear from a fellow Kansan! Rock Chalk Jayhawk?
Please don't try to advertise paid services or shock sites here. (I guess shock sites are OK if you tell us beforehand that they're NSFW) EDIT: I'm on a mission to upvote everyone who comments here, so everyone else please do the same unless it's spam or advertising. EDIT2: Wow, front page after an hour and 2k comments. Keep 'em coming, guys, but don't forget to add an explanation. Edit3: got another one for y'all. www.mrmarz.com is the perfect combo of good music and an entrancing gif. edit4: Two people have messaged me to add things to my header. So, here we go. Here's an interesting concept with cool music, made by a redditor. http://clp.me/caves.html, made by spotpilgrim. And here's another thing: www.guidestones.org According to the creator, the92jays, here's what it is: It's a relatively large budget alternate reality game / web series that me and 3 other guys shot out of the trunk of a car. It's totally free content created for the web. EDIT5: So apparently this askreddit has been done twice before; here are the links, courtesy of redditor omgwtfbbq7. First one: http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/g8jiq/reddit_whats_a_littleknown_site_you_think/ Second one: http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/rrmhm/whats_a_little_known_website_everyone_should_know/ EDIT6: I swear, I've seen at least a hundred comments about reddit being an "awesome, little-known website." Please don't say "reddit" or "reddit.com." You're not the first one, and it's not funny.Astronomy Picture of the Day 2 accomplished astronomers run this site and put up interesting and gorgeous astronomy pics every day. They have been at it since 1995, and haven't skipped a single day. The look of the website hasn't changed much -- basic HTML, but the 1 paragraph of text below the picture often gives an insight into our universe and modern astronomy. Their forums are pretty cool too. Edit: forgot to mention their awesome archive.I have a program that grabs the daily picture and makes it my desktop background. The resolutions aren't always pretty, but the pictures change daily and are all so beautiful. apodwallpaperdeleted ^^^this?
No judgement, I'm just here to listen. Edit: Wow guys, it's been a journey. It's 1 AM and I have to be up for work tomorrow. I just want to say how happy I am that you all shared this with me. I'll respond to a few more, then I'll be up and back at it tomorrow. Peace <3 Edit2: I lied about going to sleep. I stayed up longer and read more of your guy's comments. It's actually very moving that you'd share all of this with me and I truly thank you. Unfortunately, I have so many comments that I honestly can't keep up with them all. A lot of them have to do with the same issue, so I strongly suggest you read through the thread and connect with some people that are going through the same thing. I'll do my best to comment on a few more, and I PROMISE to read every single last one of your comments. Even if I don't respond, I want you to know that I did/will read it. Goodnight folks. <3 Edit3: Edit2 bothers me. I want to reply to everything. Some of you deserve recognition and I feel like just reading them isn't enough. I see your problems, and I empathize deeply, I just can't reply to every single one. I'm sorry guys. :( Edit4: THANK YOU to those of you out there who are also replying to people! I noticed some comments I was reading already had some replies. You people are saints. :) Edit5: Follow-up. I'm still responding to some of the comments that are coming in, but I also wanted to mention that a fellow Redditor has made and invited me to moderate r/whatsbotheringyou If you would like, we can respond to some of your problems that you submit there in the form of a text-post. Cheers. <3I'm unhappy because I'm becoming increasingly aware of the enormous flaws in my personality, work ethic, and character that are preventing me from making the most out of this life. There's nothing worse than realizing you've been given so many opportunities and advantages, and squandered them all.There's nothing worse than realizing you've been given so many opportunities and advantages, and squandered them all. There is one worse thing: never realizing you've squandered them all.Coming to that realization is the most difficult part, now take advantage of it. Turn that negative energy into something positive, improve on your flaws, strengthen your work ethic, and begin from now on to make the most out of every day. There's nothing worse than realizing you've been given so many opportunities and advantages, and squandered them all. I have to disagree. It would be much worse to realize you have squandered so many opportunities, then go on to continue letting opportunities slip away in the future.
In light of the recent Canadian bill to legalize prostitution, what are your reasons for/against legalization? Is it that much different then a regulated porn industry, where STDs, physical abuse and drug use may be controlled? *EDIT: link to Canadian bill *EDIT 2: By support, I mean support a political measure or referendum. I'm not referring to whether or not you will want to partake. Similar to the discussion of the legalization of marijuana.i'm quadriplegic. if i ever kill myself, it'll probably be over a lack of intimacy in my life. i could use a professional prostitute to go down on.In Germany prostitution is legal and they even have special prostitutes for disabled persons. see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prostitution_in_Germany#For_special_groupsFunny, I work with quadriplegics every day, and I've always thought that I would gladly help arrange that sort of thing if asked (and if it weren't a huge legal risk).It's really not that difficult to hook up with a prostitute. They'll come to you if you can afford it. Be safe, but it could be a great time for you. I highly recommend it.
Hired full time, and I make a good living. My work involves a lot of "data entry", verification, blah blah. I am a programmer at heart and figured out how to make a script do all my work for me. Between co workers, they have a 90% accuracy rating and 60-100 transactions a day completed. I have 99,6% accuracy and over 1.000 records a day. No one knows I do this because everyone's monthly accuracy and transaction count are tallied at the end of the month, which is how we earn our bonus. The scum part is, I get 85-95% of the entire bonus pool, which is a HUGE some of money. Most people are fine with their bonuses because they don't even know how much they would bonus regularly. I'm guessing they get €100-200 bonus a month. They would get a lot more if I didnt bot. So reddit, am I a scumbag? I work about 8 hours a week doing real work, the rest is spent playing games on my phone or reading reddit... Edit: A lot of people are posting that I'm asking for a pat on the back... Nope, I'm asking for the moral delima if my ~90% bonus share is unethical for me to take... Edit2: This post has kept me up all night... hah. So many comments guys! you all are crazy :PEventually someone will realise the over 1000 a day is done by a program, everyone will then lose their jobs as the corportion realises that there is a cheaper way of doing things. But I don't think you are a scumbag for finding the most efficient way to do your job.Absolutely this. You're not a scumbag, but the gravy train will have to end eventually. Your company will likely catch on and make changes to the data entry process.So what you're saying is that he should slow it down a bit to not make it as obvious.that's exactly what I thought, so isn't he a hero of sorts by not exposing his efficient program since he's letting people keep their jobs and "mediocre" bonuses?
Another way to ask this - What is something about the universe/world/reality/whatever that makes you feel uneasy? Something that is an unchangable fact about life that you really, really don't like. Here's mine, as an example: I hate that a huge number of people we meet/interact with will never be seen by us again. I met this ridiculously awesome crazy old guy on vacation one year. He was interesting, and we ran into him a couple times during the whole vacation. The vacation ended, and now there is virtually no way I'll ever see him again.That every single person you know you will see for the very last time at some point. You will likely have no idea when this point comes, and for many of the people you still consider good friends, this may have already passed.This is hard to stomach. There are so many people in my life, my family, my SO, my friends, that I always assume I'll be able to see again, but I'll never know if that's true or not. Maybe I'll see them a thousand times, maybe ten, maybe once and maybe never again. For some people in my life, I can't cope with that idea.This one is terrifying me right now...This one really gets me. I had a best friend that died of a heroin overdose last year, and the last time I saw her, I was being irresponsible and skipped out on work so I could hang out with her for the night. We were having fun and drank a little bit at the end of the night, ended up taking some group pictures with us and another friend. Those are the only pictures I have of her with me. I had no idea that that was the last time I was ever going to see her and I got to see her that one last time and by some random stroke of luck, get the only pictures I have of us together because I chose to be irresponsible and say fuck work for that day. I have never been happier to make a "bad" decision than I have been for that, fuck I'd skip work all year if I could see her again. She overdosed about 2 months later, out of nowhere. I found out from the messages on Facebook and it felt like my stomach just disappeared, like I suddenly became empty inside. Life has never been so horrifyingly real and I still get panic attacks sometimes when I think about her, but god damn am I happy I got those pictures from that last time we ever saw each other.
When I was in grade 12 English class we had been reading Death of a Salesman. It was the first class of the day and the Teacher was late. It was odd, but no biggie, so the class just bullshitted to pass the time. Five minutes pass, then ten, when I finally spoke up "Hey, HEY! We should just keep reading from where we left off yesterday guys." I was a very charismatic kid. Probably the most agreeable guy in school, the friends with everyone type, so everyone actually went along with it. It's a play, so everyone who had a 'role' the day before just resumed it and we kept reading. Well, 5-10 minutes later the Vice Principal comes in. He was obviously surprised that we were doing work, but he didn't mention it. He just told us our teacher was dealing with a personal issue and she would be a little while longer. 10-20 minutes more passed and she finally showed up. When she opened the door and saw us there, all reading and paying attention, she burst right into tears of happiness. She died a couple years later from Cancer, way too young. She was only 40. Around the time of her death I found out that was the day she was got her diagnosis/prognosis. So on one of the worst days of her life, our class helped make it just a little better. So, reddit, let's hear your stories.At the gym I go to there's a guy who was very overweight and he always seemed awkward and always in the way. I didn't talk to him apart from the occasional 'how's it going?' On on occasion one of the meat-heads at the gym started ragging on this guy for being in the way again and said something to the effect of, "You're too fat to be here, go home so we don't have to look at you anymore." I told the meat-heat to leave the guy alone and to give him some slack because he was at the gym working out at least trying to make a change for the better and that he had just as much of a right/reason to be there as the meat-head did. A few months later the guy came up and thanked me. He said he probably would've quit that day had I not said something. He still works out at the gym regularly. He's lost a good amount of weight but still has a long way to. He got a personal trainer for a while so he's a lot more confident about his workout and using all of the machines.I hate asshole gym people. They hate fat people for being fat and then complain when they enter a gym to get healthy. Upvote for standing up for what is right.
Everybody likes snacks, right? Some of us like chips, others like fruit, or yogurt. Well, my wife likes croutons. Frozen croutons to be exact and she tries to hide it like an alcoholic hides bottles of vodka. Where does she hide the croutons? In the freezer. At first I'd put them in the pantry when we get home from the grocery store, but they'd always end up in the freezer. I'd be like, "Uh, hon, what's up with the croutons in the freezer?" and she'd act like she had no idea what I was talking about. Now here's the thing, I've tried them and now I'm addicted to them too. So now I openly eat cold croutons out of the freezer as a snack, and she tells me what a weirdo I am while she eats half the bag with me. No idea why she's embarassed to admit what a genius she is for discovering such an awesome snack. BTW, the best kind is Chatham Village garlic and cheese flavor.When they finish freezing if I get addicted to them I have you to blame."and she tells me what a weirdo I am while she eats half the bag with me. "
So basically she found that six papers were in some way plagiarized and let the class know that if those people admitted they plagiarized they would lose a letter grade but get to write the paper again. If they didn't respond they would get penalized (aka Fail the course and possibly get expelled from the university). She received 19 e-mails back of people confessing, most of which were never even guilty of plagiarism in the first place. Funny thing is that only five of the six people who actually cheated responded. One kid never came to class again, and ended up getting severely punished by the university. What other strange cause and effect situations have you witnessed? TL;DR- those stretch marks eventually turn pearly white and when they wrap around a beautiful, warm, tan thigh they almost look like lightning bolts and I think it is incredibly sexy and I want to kiss from your knees to your hips. EDIT: MmmmWhen I lived in a dorm at college, someone pulled the fire alarm as a prank on his roommate who was having sex with his girlfriend. The fire team, obligated to come out and check the building, found an unexpected situation on their hands when they arrived. The RA for each floor would enter the building with an officer and check all the rooms. On the floor above me, they found a girl who had overdosed on medication in an apparent suicide attempt seizing in her bathroom. She was rushed to the hospital and they saved her life. She didn't end up returning to school, but her parents were so grateful that they rewarded the student who pulled the prank the $500 he was fined for falsely pulling the alarm. We all knew it was a prank and were joking with the guy and his roommate and girlfriend outside. It was terrifying when a legitimate emergency was uncovered.Wow that is incredibly fortunate.deus ex machina.
I understand what medicare is and everything but I'm not sure what Obamacare changed.Okay, explained like you're a five year-old (well, okay, maybe a bit older), without too much oversimplification, and (hopefully) without sounding too biased: What people call "Obamacare" is actually the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (abbreviated to PPACA or ACA). However, people were calling it "Obamacare" before everyone even hammered out what it would be. It's a term that was, at first, mostly used by people who didn't like the PPACA, and it's become popularized in part because PPACA is a really long and awkward name, even when you turn it into an acronym like that. Barack Obama has since said that he actually likes the term "Obamacare" because, he says, "I do care". Anyway, the PPACA made a bunch of new rules regarding health care, with the purpose of making health care more affordable for everyone. Opponents of the PPACA, on the other hand, feel that the rules it makes take away too many freedoms and force people (both individuals and businesses) to do things they shouldn't have to. So what does it do? Well, here is everything, in the order of when it goes into effect (because some of it happens later than other parts of it): (Note: Page numbers listed in citations are the page numbers within the PDF, not the page numbers of the document itself)
Below is a hand-picked collection of outstanding explanations from this subreddit. Each linked answer is not only informative and correct, but written in terms that an elementary school student would legitimately understand. If you find an equally exceptional explanation not on this list, make a base-level comment on this thread and it will be considered for addition. Read and enjoy! Economics Debt in a Money-Based Economy by Hapax_Legoman Expansionary Monetary Policy by GOD_Over_Djinn Libertarianism by AmazingSyco Stocks and the Stock Market by CarlH Trust Funds by The_Cleric History JFK Assassination by Didji World War I by Axon350 Literature and the Arts The Catcher in the Rye by TrouserDemon Baroque vs. Classical vs. Romantic Music by HellOnTheReddit Mathematics and Logic Anything to the Zero is One by LordAurora Bases by Didji Chaos Theory by Captain_Kittenface Crash Course in Logic by gmanp Manifolds and the Poincaré Conjecture by flabbergasted1 Negative Times Negative Equals Positive by lampochka_returns Occam's Razor by OtherSideReflections P versus NP by flabbergasted1 Riemann Hypothesis by flabbergasted1 Philosophy & Religion Existentialism and Nihilism by Semiel Islam by meowtiger Nietzsche by plaidpant The Qur'an by dottxt Recent Events London Riots (August 2011) by chetney Phone Hacking Scandal (August 2011) by Didji The US Drops from AAA to AA+ (August 2011) by uriman What If Greece Defaults (October 2011) by duckymf SOPA (November 2011) by flabbergasted1 Reddit The Front Page by flabbergasted1 Vote Fuzzing by kissmyapp Science Domesticating Animals by josh6499 Fire by Balestar The Nervous System by Scriptorius Space-Time by 4x4prints The Speed of Light by Avedomni Plasma by wiz3n Technology Buffer Overflow by UnitedStatesSenate Cell Phones by The_Cleric Electronic Ink by GSnow Hashing by AndreasTPC HTTP by The_Cleric Internet by EdgeOfDreams ISPs by Didji .JPEG vs. .PNG by asokoloski LCD vs. LED vs. Plasma by unndunn Linux vs. Windows vs. OS X by TickTak Net Neutrality by Didji Programming Languages by chipbuddy U.S. Politics The Debt Ceiling by The_Cleric Liberalism vs. Conservatism by Didji "Obamacare" by Didji World Politics Africa by bkoatz Fascism by blackstar9000 The Israel-Palestine Conflict: Part 1, Part 2 by nathanite North Korea by elloelloello Wikileaks by Devistator Credit to adrianix for coming up with the title.DON'T PANICThis should be written in large friendly letters in the backgroundGo to r/explainlikeimfive and check out the title of the tab. :)And bring a towel.Mostly harmless.
I know this kind of breaks the rules, but I think a good explanation would be whats Reddit is all about. I have always had real trouble explaining this to my older relatives and computer illiterate friends. Edit: thanks to everyone for all of your answers.Email is like a written letter that arrives in seconds instead of days. Google is a company that runs many websites, the biggest of which is a search engine. A search engine is a phone book for other websites. AOL is an internet service provider, they are like a phone company but give you access to other people on the internet instead of other people with telephones. A website is a destination on the internet, someplace to go to get information or complete a transaction much like a physical location on a street. IE / Chrome / Firefox are your methods of transportation to get to where you need to go. They are akin to a vehicle, but thankfully do not need any gas. The internet is like a city. It is a collection of places and people with a road that connects all these various places to each other and allow you to travel from one place to another to get what you need.Dude, you have to type LOUDER!
Questions here are supposed to be covering complex topics that are difficult to understand, where simplifying the answer for a layperson is necessary. So why are we flooding the sub with simple knowledge questions? This sub is for explaining the Higgs Boson or the effect of black holes on the passage of time, not telling why we say "shotgun" when we want the passenger seat in a car. EDIT: Alright, I thought my example would have been sufficient, but it's clear that I need to explain a little. My problem is that questions are being asked where there is no difference between an expert answer and a layman answer. In keeping with the shotgun example, that holds true-- People call the front passenger seat by saying 'shotgun' because, in the ages of horses and carts, the person sitting next to the one driving the horses was the one armed to protect the wagon. There is no way for that explanation to be any more simple or complex than it already is. Thus, it has no reason to be in a sub built around a certain kind of answer in contrast to another.Yep. Somehow I feel that if I try asking for someone to ELI5 what an Ergative Absolute language is (honestly, someone mind helping me?), I'll just get downvoted in favor of something like "ELI5 why I am required to wear a seatbelt by law even though it affects no one but me?" You know, a question that we mods have to give the benefit of the doubt to, but we know is just a thinly-vielled soapbox question. Or something really trivially easy that people can just google, or something trivially...dumb, I guess? A lot of completely opinion-based ones that essentially boil down to "Why do people like X?" or "Why DON'T people like X?" or "Why do people find X so Y?" Or "Why is not acceptable/not acceptable to X?" And so on. It's kinda turning away from being a place where you can see really simple explanations for complex topics that you could never quite grasp, and towards more...generic bullshit. It's difficult for us mods to do anything about it. To strike a good balance. There is also an amount of disagreeing within the mods themselves. Personally, I think a good solution would be to require people to specify what exactly they found confusing. This would drive home the point that this is supposed to be a place for things you could never quite wrap your head around, or for things where you can't separate the important stuff from the unimportant fluff.
http://i.imgur.com/ZApmv.png I enjoy a good laugh, don't mean to be a grinch! It's just a bit inconvenient when one is trying to find the answer to said question and has to trudge through a thread about sexually-efficient Germans (for example).I would love it if this subreddit was more heavily moderated. All those joke replies, the "lol now -pffft- lil timmy you're a bit - pffffffft - young to be asking that! HAHAHA" are very frustrating and just clutter the real answers. I don't care that they're up voted, they are useless and should be removed.It's Explain Like I'm Five, not I'm Five Years Old, Explain This To MeThe mods have chosen to take a hands off policy when it comes to moderation despite repeated pleas and continual meta threads discussing the moronic nature of too many ELI5 threads. It's really frustrating. I like reddit because I learn things here, not because of puns. I understand that it can be awkward moderating heavily because you don't want to come across like overzealous moderators or think it's more fair to just let it all happen democratically or whatever, but you're moderators - don't be afraid to moderate. Otherwise the subreddit'll get worse and further away from the original purpose as more and more people come.
Like seriously, I've been watching this movie on and on... and still don't get that part! What is it about Choice and the Matrix? What did the Oracle figure about humanity that made them believe in the Matrix as their reality? I'd be so thankful to anyone who can put this Philosophy in simple English. Edit: Thank you everyone! So far there have been 5 attempts to answer the question, What i thought would be a casual discussion of movie fanatics has become a great intro to Philosophy! Wow i reading all the threads and i'd highly recommend everybody interested in the movie to do so. It bought me a whole new perspective to the movie. Questions Unanswered so far or raised in the discussion: Neo's real world super powers, stopping the sentinels and vision without eyes. Agent Smith's rejection of matrix and connection with Neo. The Oracles true personality. Why were the machines using humans instead of geothermal (Magma) energy while Zion found itself comfortable to do so?Before the current version of the Matrix, the machines created other versions. The first was a "Perfect World Scenario" where everybody was happy and life was good. Human psyche could not handle this overload of perfection and rejected the program. People couldn't believe it was real. The second Matrix was a "Nightmare Scenario", wars raged so as to appease the sadistic nature of humanity. This was also a failure because people couldn't accept it. The solution was found by The Oracle. She concluded, that if people were given a choice to accept or reject the Matrix (even if they weren't aware they were being given that choice), they would overwhelmingly accept the program anyway. Of course that this acceptance was not universal. A small number of people would still reject the Matrix. If left unchecked in the system, these people behaved like a virus, making other people aware that they lived in a fake world, destabilizing the whole system. They had to be removed. That's why The Architect allowed Zion to survive, to preserve the Matrix and to remove the people that were aware that they were inside a program. But this in turn created the problem of controlling Zion. If left unchecked, the city would eventually grow too powerful. For that purpose, the Architect and The Oracle created the concept of The One. Every time Zion grew too big (around 250.000 people I think), The One would be born. The One carried an important part of code from the Matrix (the Prime Program) that gave him a greater form of control over the Matrix (aka Neo's Powers).
Edit: thank you all for helping me. I find the prospect of being an adult somewhat terrifying and I don't understand most anything to do with taxes or investmentsA tax-deferred investment account. Money you put in your 401k gets taken from your gross paycheck before taxes are taken out, then the money in that account gets invested in various portfolios (typically chosen by you), and you can't take it out until you retire. If you take it out before then, you have to pay taxes on the money, as well as early withdrawal fees. If your company does 401k matching, it is definitely worth it. For example, if your company has "full match up to 5%." that means that for every dollar you put into your 401k, the company will put in a dollar as well, up to 5% of your gross pay. It's basically free money from your company for investing money for your retirement.You have to pay taxes on 401k distributions, regardless of when you take them. However, if you withdraw money early, you pay an additional 10% penalty on those withdrawals. Even if you don't get a good 401k matching from your company, do it. It is one of the easiest ways to invest, as it is taken out of your paycheck before you have an opportunity to spend it. Since the money is taken out "pre-tax" you report less taxable income, and pay less taxes. As you can, when/if you get raises, use at least part of the raise to increase your 401k contribution. Even if social security is around when you retire, it will probably not be enough to live on. Your 401k will be a vital part of your retirement.
edit: I'm not sure which 2 states allow the sales, I saw an article in the Washington Post today about how Tesla has a showroom in the DC Area but can't actually sell the cars.A long time ago, a man named Hank in Michigan started to build cars. People liked his cars, but Hank was in Michigan and didn't know many people in New Jersey or own a space to sell to individuals in New Jersey. So, he found one guy in New Jersey named Dan who he could sell to because Dan did know a lot of people and Dan owned a big lot to show cars on. Dan bought a lot of cars with his own money in bulk for his dealership, which he then sold to the public one at a time for profit. This was good for Hank because he didn't have to find individual customers in New Jersey to sell his cars to, and it was good for Dan because he already knew the individual customers and could sell Hank's cars for a profit. Eventually though, Hank saw Dan making a profit, and got greedy. Hank figured that now that Dan had already hooked people on his cars in New Jersey, he could just sell directly to the public in Dan's town to cut Dan out and make more money for himself. This was big trouble for Dan because not only would he be out of a job in the future, but he also wouldn't be able to sell the cars he had already bought from Hank if Hank started selling them cheaper. Oh No! BUT Dan's lived in New Jersey a long time, and he went to see his friends Dave and Dean who were Hank's dealers in other New Jersey towns. Dan told Dave and Dean that Hank wanted to sell directly to customers in his town, and that Hank would probably do it in their towns too.
[deleted]Real Simplified Version: PRISM is a tool used by the NSA that allows analysts to view data ("foreign intelligence") collected by legal methods. Edit 5: I apologize that this edit precedes the rest of the post, but much of the information from the original post has proven itself to be "outdated" (read: inaccurate) insofar as it incorrectly attributed power to PRISM, when it is at most a part of the whole. To be strictly correct, PRISM ("Planning Tool for Resource Integration, Synchronization, and Management") itself is simply the name of a tool used to access data gathered by the NSA by presumably legal means (in accordance with FISA / Protect America Act). I have now edited the post for accuracy. Be aware that as more information has come out, much of the related speculation has been disproved, at least so far as PRISM itself is concerned, and the articles upon which this post was originally based are themselves no longer the latest information on the subject. Ok, for now I've finished editing. I've removed all the inaccurate information I could find, and replaced most of the original post with the most accurate information I could find, to the best of my knowledge. Please bring any inaccuracies you find to my attention.
I know there's no jobs in Detroit and nobody wants to live there, but surely there has to be some value to having a house there right? Even for the slight chance that property houses might rise in the next 100 years? Houses like this one: http://www.zillow.com/homedetails/4700-Saint-Clair-St-Detroit-MI-48214/88410305_zpid/Three reasons, all of which intermix. The first reason is that the houses are awful. Old, full of asbestos, dilapidated, crumbling - it would cost a lot of money to make Detroit's abandoned buildings useful. This ties in perfectly with the second reason: liability. These houses are so awful, that if a homeless junkie hurt himself in it, you would be liable. None of these houses are up to code - and ownership means you are now responsible for the condition of the building. Lastly, high taxes. Detroit is a big city - and its services are paid for by property taxes. But, because more and more people are fleeing the city - there is a smaller tax base. This means that each homeowner has to pay more in taxes to make up for the vacancies. To be fair, it does balance out somewhat - the houses are so worthless that the property taxes end up being reasonable. edit: sweet fingerfuck, my inbox blew up!So why is the bank (or person) who currently owns the house not required to do that now, but the minute it sells the new owner is? You're saying that an owner will have to bring it up to code, but obviously somebody owns it now. How can you own and then sell a house thats not up to code? This doesnt make sense to me.
Plus with Netflix I can watch whatever I want instead of what someone else put on. I don't get how the economics work? Is cable a giant rip off, or is Netflix spending investors money which will eventually run out? Edit: I didn't realize that the shows on Netflix aren't new. I'm just thrilled they have Star Trek and the PowerPuff Girls which is all I would watch if I had cable. Also, for those who are saying "Don't forget to factor in the cost of internet", my response is that I had broadband internet a long time before Netflix even existed - a long time before you could even watch TV on a computer in any practical way. So, saying I should factor in something I have anyway is, to me, like saying I should factor in the cost of electricity.Netflix may well get more expensive, as they signed their first round of content contracts early on, when no one expected Netflix to boom. Those contracts were comparatively cheap. (Here's a graph of how their content costs are rising fast.) They are somewhat protected now by their large number of subscribers. Cable operators, on the other hand, have to buy content by the channel, and channels are bundled together by contract and contractually placed in their tiers. For example, you probably pay $4/mo for ESPN. In this case, the channel model is established, and content providers do not want to move to a la carte bundling (where you pay for only the channels you want). Cable also covers current events that Netflix can't (you can't get news coverage, live sports, etc.), though these outlets are finding competition (to varying degrees) by the internet. Finally, Netflix gets to offer the cool shows after cable and the content providers have already funded their creation. Netflix can't exist in its current format without cable (hence why they are funding their own shows). Netflix is still somewhat priced as a value add-on for content creators, though new content contracts show that future pricing will be based as part of the total value expectation for content (so movie income will be based on its ability to draw viewers at theatres, buyers of DVDs, eyeballs on cable, as well as downloads on Netflix.
Why do companies that have seemingly maxed out on brand recognition still spend so much money on advertising? There is not a person watching TV who doesn't know about Pepsi/Coke. So it occurs to me that they cannot increase the awareness of their product or bring new customers to the product. Without creating new customers, isn't advertisement a waste of money? I understand that they need to advertise new products, but oftentimes, it's not a new product featured in a TV commercial. The big soda companies are the best example I can think of. Edit: Answered. Thanks everyone! Edit 2: Thanks again to everybody for the discussions! I learned alot more than I expected. If we weren't all strangers on the internet, I'd buy everyone a Pepsi.I discovered some years ago that the point of most advertising at a certain marque level was not to acquire new customers, but to retain them or even stop "buyer's regret". For example, BMW pretty much never expect somebody to see one of their adverts and think "Oh, that car looks good, I'll buy one of those!", because who the hell makes a purchasing decision of that size based on advertising? Most of their advertising is actually focused on people who recently bought one of their cars and is sat there thinking how much of a Ford or GM they could have got for 40% less. It prevents buyer's regret, and pushes them from just a buyer into a brand-loyal fan. It also enhances brand value in general, which is critical when establishing how much your brand is worth financially. Brand value is where Coca-Cola come in. Frequently in the UK people will say "it feels like Christmas now", once the "Christmas is coming" Coke ad with santa on lorries going through town is aired. Think about how powerful that is: people associate the celebration of the Messiah's birth, or perhaps the most intense emotional experience of the year that you can point to on a calendar, with a can of sugar water. When you hear "Coke", you immediately think of the colours of the can, the taste of the drink, and have an emotional response which is probably very happy, positive and affirming. That's what a lifetime of Coca-Cola telling you what they stand for has done to you.
I mean, imagine you were describing the US to someone who were only vaguely aware of what it was. You would start by talking about New York and California, maybe say a few things about Chicago and Florida and New Orleans and the deep south, but you wouldn't mention South Dakota. That's what I'm looking for here, just a few succinct sentences about the more important countries/cities/areas. Like, I know Nigeria is the biggest in terms of population and is considered an important up-and-coming economy due in part to oil revenues, but mired in conflict by the North/South religious divide, scandal and corruption, all of which threatens to tear the country apart. And please don't say "all the countries are important," because like States, that's not true. That's not to say they don't have value, but I mean more in terms of continental (or global) social/political/economic issues. Edit: Thanks for the answers, very informative.Nigeria (English Speaking) - The most populated African country at 160+ million. The country has an extraordinary amount of oil wealth, but it is also one of the most corrupt countries on earth so most of it has been squandered. It is a giant on the continent. Nigerians are found in large numbers throughout the continent, and are sometimes seen as a bit of a menace/drain in the countries they inhabit. South Africa (English Speaking) - The economic giant of the continent, it has a much higher standard of living than most of the rest of the continent, however there are still huge swathes of population living in abject poverty. Johannesburg alone accounts for 10% of the entire economy of the entire continent. Gold and mineral wealth abounds, diamonds and a healthy manufacturing sector contribute to it's wealth. It is also notable for the fairly large (~12%) white population. Unfortunately it is run by a horribly inept and entrenched government, also corrupt. Ethiopia (Amharic Speaking)- Is another giant in terms of population, but is incredibly poor, with a very undeveloped agricultural economy. However, it seems to exert a lot of influence across the continent, (heading up the African Union for example). Ethiopia has one of the most distinct cultures on the continent, with the only written dialect originating on the African continent. It was also the only Sub-Saharan African country to not be fully colonized by a European power.
This question is asked out of respect and me trying to gain knowledge on the happenings of his life and death. The news and most sites don't seem to have a full grasp, to me, in what happened, if they're talking about it at all. Thank you in advanceI'll actually try to explain this like you're five, because that doesn't ever seem to happen on here anymore. Aaron Swartz was a man who was a part of a whoooole lot of really cool things. He helped to make a thing called "RSS" which helps people learn all the stuff they want to without going to all the different websites that that takes. It's like if you want to make a sandwich, but normally you'd have to go to a bread store, a meat store, a cheese store, and a vegetable store. RSS makes it so you can get that all at once (and enjoy your sandwich much more easily). Aaron also was part of a group of guys who helped give out information from "PACER", which is a big system full of information about what happened at courts. But, even though all of this information should have been free, they charged people for it. Imagine if each time you asked your teacher a question you had to pay a quarter. Even though that's their job, and it should be free, they made you pay. Well that sure did make some law-people mad. They started to investigate Aaron, but eventually stopped when they realized Aaron was right. Aaron did some more stuff, too. You know this website you're on? Aaron was a big part of it at the very beginning. A lot of people call him one of the founders, but that's not entirely true. What true is that Aaron helped to shape and mold and make this website what it is today. It's like when mommy buys you Play-Doh. She actually started it, but you're the one that made the amazing sculpture out of it (with help from your friends, of course).
A webpage is made up of a lot of different files. The more complicated the page, the more files there are. This also depends upon the way that the page is designed and coded. As such, a page typically will not render (display the final page) until ALL files have been received. Imagine loading a page from the Wall Street Journal that has an imbedded video. The text and style commands (CSS) will go through almost instantly even on a slow connection. However the video may take several seconds. Depending on how the page is coded, it may wait for the video to load (this has nothing to do with buffering and actually playing the video) before rendering the page. When you close it, the browser stops waiting for whatever file still needs to load and just renders what it already has. The biggest offenders of this are typically flash animations (adverts or videos) and large image files. Adverts can be the cause for this, which is why some people will say that they experience faster connections when using ad-blocking software.
What are the differences and why does it seem like there are combinations like "scotch whiskey" as opposed to just plain "whiskey"? Edit: To the "a 5 year old shouldn't be drinking" comments, It's explain LIKE i'm five, not what should I teach a 5 year old. It was just r/mildlyinteresting the first time and now it's just r/mildlyinfuriating.Let's start with the master category - Whiskey/Whisky: A distilled alcoholic drink made from fermented grain, usually aged in wooden barrels or casks. Within the category of whiskey, there's various types which mostly is separated by the ingredients: • Malt whiskey - made from malted barley (same thing as beer uses) • Grain whiskey - made from other grains (corn, rye, wheat, and others) • Single malt - whiskey made from in a single distillery. Typically it's one malted grain (barley is most common, followed by rye - but it's not a legal requirement) • Blended malt - whiskey made from mixed single malt whiskeys • Blended whiskey - made from mixed single malt and grain whiskeys Then from there, there's regional/cultural/national types of whiskey, which is where you get your bourbon, scotch, etc. Each has various requirements to be labeled by name, and each country has different requirements, but these are the generalities: • Bourbon - An American whiskey, made from at least 51% corn.
There are many reasons. The physical antennas in use. Voyager has a really large dish pointed pretty precisely at Earth. There is a much much larger dish on Earth pointed at Voyager. It is part of the DSN, or Deep Space Network. These dishes act to focus the broadcast signal and to gather more of the received signal. Data rate: The data rate coming from Voyager is very low-rate. This helps because a single piece of information (a symbol, in RF speak) lasts longer, so the receiver has a longer time to collect the signal and to become certain what the value of that symbol is, and No obstructions. The walls of your house, the water contained within your house and within your body, the material in between the phone and the tower all absorb some amount of the energy, weakening the signal. Conversely, the frequency chosen for the communications of Voyager and other satellites was chosen so that the atmosphere wouldn't absorb much of the energy, and there's basically nothing in the way. Delay: Most of the delay that you experience is due to processing happening at the various nodes of the network. As for Voyager, the majority of the delay is the time it takes light to travel from the edge of the solar system back to the vicinity of the sun, where Earth hangs out.
I've never been taught much at all about evolution, I've only heard really biased views so I don't really understand it. I think my stance would change if I properly understood it. Thanks for your help :)The theory of evolution is the scientific theory that explains why there is so much variety and complexity in the natural world. Be warned that it doesn't explain what initially started life in the first place - all it explains is the variety of life we have. Also: it is not in any sense a moral philosophy. It is our understanding of our observations of the natural world. Evolution does not equal eugenics or anything like that. It's just a statement of the facts we see in the world. What we choose to do in light of understanding these facts does not come into it — in fact, understanding evolution can improve human wellbeing, as we can understand diseases much better. Another thing: the word ‘theory’. In normal everyday language, we usually use theory to mean ‘guess’ or ‘hypothesis’. In scientific terms, the theory is an explanation of the observable facts. A body of knowledge, if you will. For instance, ‘music theory’ is the body of knowledge surrounding musical composition. ‘Germ theory’ is the body of knowledge that explains illness and disease. ‘Cell theory’ is the theory that explains that all life is made of cells. ‘The theory of gravity’ is the study of gravity, and the explanations for the facts (or even laws) of gravity that we see in nature. The theory of evolution is no different. Evolution is a scientific, observable, fact, just like cells, germs, and gravity. The ‘theory of evolution’ is the study and explanation of these facts. If you've ever heard a creationist say ‘evolution is still only a theory’ or ‘evolution is not yet a law’ or ‘they're still trying to prove the theory of evolution’, then they are simply wrong, and misunderstanding the scientific meaning of the word theory. Theories don't become laws — theories laws. A law is just a simple mathematical observation that always seems to be true e.g. in electronics, ohm's law is that electrical current is equal to the voltage divided by resistance. Ohm's law is a part of the ‘theory of electronics’ if you like, although that term isn't really used.
Evolutionarily, it's to increase chances of having a baby. If a man continues to engage in intercourse after ejaculating, he risks inadvertently pushing the semen out of the way, making pregnancy more difficult. For a woman, if she orgasms first, she needs to stay interested until the man is done in order for there to be a chance of pregnancy. Because of these evolutionary needs, men have long "refractory periods" (lack of sexual desire after orgasm), whereas women either don't have them or have really short ones. The exact cause of the refractory periods in terms of body chemistry is still up for debate.This is true unless another female is introduced and then the refractory period is pretty much mitigated. This is called "The Coolidge Effect" after President Coolidge. The story goes something along the lines that President Coolidge and his wife were touring a farm and Mrs. Coolidge noticed that a single rooster was mating with hens several times a day and that President Coolidge should take note. President Coolidge retorted that the rooster was mating with several different females and that Mrs. Coolidge should take note. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coolidge_effect
I know that people can't get everything right all the time but isn't it probable that a lot of people advertising as psychics or fortune tellers are just scamming others? EDIT: ok so i guess to sum it all up, being a 'psychic' or a 'reader' isn't technically fraud in most place because the small print, informing people that it's only for entertainment purposes, covers their asses in a legal sense. Whether you think this is ethical or not, is entirely up to you but thanks to everyone who contributed :)They generally get around fraud law by using phrases such as 'for entertainment purposes only'. While they're clearly presenting the image that they can talk to dead people, or find missing persons, they cover themselves with legal technicalities.if they lacked the whole 'for entertainment purposes' would this mean that they're lying about their profession thus getting them into legal troubles?Wouldn't this also hinge on the fact that you can't technically prove that someone isn't speaking to the dead? I feel like this would all get into some really spiritual/religious gray area that would make this type of thing really difficult to litigate. Is that not the case?In Michael Shermer's book, "Why people believe weird things," there's a hilarious quote from an undercover cop who used to bust psychics who held themselves out as the real thing. She said, "I got told I was about to have success. I got told I was about to face trouble. Not once was I told I was an undercover officer, about to arrest the psychic."
It seems like the numbers just don't add up if every country owes every other country. Edit: What I'm trying to get at is that if Country A has, say, $-10, as well as Countries B and C because they are all in debt, then the world has $-30, which seems impossible, so who has the $30? Edit 2: Thanks for all the responses (and the front page)! Really clears things up for me. Trying to read through all the responses because apparently there is not nearly as concrete of an answer as I thought there would be. Also, if anyone isn't satisfied by the top answers, dig a little deeper. There are some quality explanations that have been buried. Edit 3: Here are the responses that I feel like answer this question best. It may be that none of these are right and it may be that all of them are (it seems like the answer to this question is a combination of things), but here are the top 3 answers (sorry if this oversimplifies things): Even though all of the governments are in debt, they are all in debt to each other, so the money works out. If they were all to somehow simultaneously pay each other back, the money would hypothetically even out, but this is both impossible and impractical. Money is actually created through inflation and interest, so there is more money on earth that there is value because interest creates money out of nowhere. For the most part, countries do not owe each other but their citizens and various banks. So the banks and people have the money and the government itself is in debt. Therefore, every country’s government can be in debt because they owe the banks, which are in surplus.here's a way for all of us to be in debt, but for the money to work out fine: I borrow $5 from you, then i go ahead and loan it to greg, he uses it to loan money to you when you tell him that you loaned me your last $5. we have a total "debt" of $15 between the 3 of us, and only $5 exists, but if you give your $5 back to greg, and it goes back around the circle, all the debt is paid with a single $5 bill. now make it countries, make it millions, and start charging interest ***edits: yes, millions in small cases, billions in large (not usually trillions at once) and the interest destablizes the equation some, but often times the interest can be payed for in different ways like: -bartered goods (North Korea recently cut a deal with cuba to upgrade their missiles in exchange for 200,000 bags of sugar quick source ) -Military favors "let me build a navy base on your coast and we can forgive some of the debt" -Political Favors "Help me convince neighbouring country in your region to do ______." Or alternatively "Vote this way in the UN on THIS topic, make a good speech"
I have tried, but I do not understand the game of cricket. I have watched it for hours, read the Wikipedia page, and tried to follow games through highlights. No luck. I don't get it. The score changes wildly, the players move at random, the crowd goes wild when nothing happens. What's going on?!?Here's a 6 minute video which explains the basics very well. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3Aea0BR26k&feature=related Imagine if baseball only had 1st base. When the batsman hits the ball and runs to the other end of the pitch (1st base) it's one run. If he's got time to carry on running before the ball comes back, he runs back(home base). That would be 2 runs. If he hits the ball all the way to the boundary(fence), it's four runs. If he hits the ball over the boundary without it touching the ground(home run) it's six runs. There's 11 players to a team but you need one player at each end (home plate and first base). So when the batsman hits the ball and is running to the other end, his teammate will be running in the other direction (1st base to home plate). So the bowler(pitcher) bowls the ball at the batsman(batter). The batsman is stood in front of the Wicket.(Those pieces of wood sticking out the ground behind him.) The batsman is out if, he misses the ball and it hits the wicket. (Bowled) he hits the ball and is caught. (Caught) he hit the ball and tries to run to the other end but the fielders get the ball back and hit The Wicket with it before the batsman has made it back. Run Out).
While life definitely doesn't HAVE to be water-dependent, water is so good at sustaining life that it's a likely candidate. Consider that water: Can help two major types of chemical reaction to occur. (For the science-lovers: It is amphoteric and protic and thus can act as a base or an acid to catalyze many types of reactions) It can hold of a lot of different things in it, such as salt and sugar, essential to life as we know it, as well as waste products of cells. (It is quite polar [i.e. has slightly positive and negatively charged regions] and thus can dissolve nearly any molecule with a polar group on it.) It is a liquid over a wide range of temperatures, and we would expect that you'd need life to start in a liquid because you need nutrients to be able to flow easily toward an organism and waste to be able to flow away. (A range of 100 degrees Celsius; ammonia is quite similar to water but a liquid only in a range of ~45 degrees Celisus.) It floats as a solid. (If temperatures DID dip below the freezing point, the solid phase would float and life would not be crushed or frozen inside) Water is very stable and hard to break apart. (Otherwise, it would rapidly disappear)
Here is a quote from Hellen Keller recalling what her thought processes were like before she was introduced to language. Sure, it's not exactly what you're looking for, but I think it provides some insight. The World I Live In by Hellen Keller, Page 37 Before my teacher came to me, I did not know that I am. I lived in a world that was a no-world. I cannot hope to describe adequately that unconscious, yet conscious time of nothingness. I did not know that I knew aught, or that I lived or acted or desired. I had neither will nor intellect. I was carried along to objects and acts by a certain blind natural impetus. I had a mind which caused me to feel anger, satisfaction, desire... When I wanted anything I liked,--ice-cream, for instance, of which I was very fond,--I had a delicious taste on my tongue (which, by the way, I never have now), and in my hand I felt the turning of the freezer. I made the sign, and my mother knew I wanted ice-cream. I "thought" and desired in my fingers. Thought without language, at least from what can be gleaned from Hellen Keller's own observations, is made up of basic desires, habits, and emotions (anger and satisfaction). Complex thoughts aren't really possible without a language to build ideas out of. So thoughts like you're having, even by just asking a question such as the one you posted are really only possible because you have a language that you can think with.
Galaxies are big and slow, Pluto is small and fast. The Triangulum galaxy is so far away that it's essentially at infinite distance for our purposes. You can point a telescope at it and let the exposure sit for months if you want a clear picture of it. The minor changes in angle as the Earth and telescope move are insignificant at that distance. Pluto is far, but not nearly that far. A telescope that's trying to look at Pluto must actively track Pluto's movement to keep it in focus. Throw in the fact that Pluto is rotating and you get a blurry streak if you try to take a long exposure image of it. edit: Also, the New Horizons probe will make a very close flyby of Pluto in 2015, which should provide us some excellent high-resolution images of Pluto and Charon. edit 2: Others are bringing up some additional excellent points that should go in the top comment: Rasori discusses the lighting issue with an object as faint as pluto Exscape discusses the angular size of pluto in relation to some other commonly imaged objects
Not into stocks or shares or anything. Just a workin' class dude. Woke up and saw a couple people posting their debts are paid off. What just happened and how behind the times am I?As someone who's taking an interest in the technology behind Bitcoin, I'll give you a short overview. The coins are "mined" by folks crunching numbers. You can mine your own bitcoins by having your computer (specifically, your graphics card) solve some equations. The integrity of the network is preserved by a running log of everything everyone ever did (meaning, from the first coins mined to the last coin spent - it's all written down in a journal). The network is secure because accounts are protected by private keys and the SHA256 algorithm used to protect the contents is (currently) more or less impenetrable. The transaction log is nearly impossible to fake out because if you try to do something you're not technically able to (as in, transfer coins from an account which doesn't hold enough), your transaction is flagged by a disagreeing node as invalid. The transaction is then passed around until a consensus is reached as it its validity; if less than 50% of the nodes think you should be able to make the transaction then it is voided. The algorithm is self-correcting for mining rates, meaning that the first guys to crunch a few numbers got coins every 10 minutes and now that thousands of people are mining with fast hardware, it's become more difficult so that the 10 minute average is maintained.
Where actors get named in the Billing is mostly a matter of convention, plus a bit of ego. Top Billing is for the actor playing the main character. Last billing, often highlighted by using "And" or "with" is used for a more prominent actor used in a minor role. Sometimes the last billing will also specify the role played: in the James Bond movies, the last billing is "and Judi Dench as 'M'" because she's a heavyweight actor but a bit part. In STAR WARS, Mark Hamill got top billing (though an unknown, he was the hero), followed by Harrison Ford, Carrie Fisher, Peter Cushing (Grand Moff Tarkin, fwiw), "and Alec Guinness". Alec Guinness got Last Billing, with an "And", because he was the most famous actor in the picture, but he only has like 20 minutes of screen time.Sometimes they use "And" billing for a new actor, even if they're the main star. Frankie Muniz got "And" billing in Malcolm in the Middle, despite being the titular character. It's also done as "Introducing..." though that's typically for films as it doesn't make sense to keep introducing an actor in a role they play for multiple years.
EDIT: Clearly from my post history you can tell I am not a gov't official attempting to get you to tell me incriminating information, I just want to know what all has been leaked to the public. The media is retarded and I hate reading the news.A followup question: I know what information was revealed by the leak, but I'm curious what was actually leaked. By which I mean what documents did he actually leak as proof and so on. I remember seeing a powerpoint that was leaked, but I'm curious if there are any other documents that are available on the web to read?I agree with you, that is the main reason I made this post.A powerpoint presentation from the NSA detailing how everything was collected, and admitting that the NSA was collecting the data. Everybody sort of already "suspected" that the NSA was capturing all of this data, but by leaking the presentation, there was a confirmation that this was the case. Snowden's crime was delivering proof and confirmation of something everybody already knew about.The Guardian has some documents up for you to read, you can find them .
"Shares": Usually refers to a stocks, or "equity" in a company. When you own company stock you are, in effect, a part owner of the company. For example, Apple has over 938 million shares owned by investors. If you were to buy a single share of Apple stock, you would own 1/938,000,000 of the company. Being a shareholder technically entitles you to your share of the company's future profits, though different companies handle this in different ways. Some pay dividends to shareholders from their profits on a regular basis and some just reinvest their profits in the company to promote growth and increase the stock price. Stocks appreciate or depreciate in value depending on the company's performance and how investors expect it to perform in the future. If Apple's profits are expected to rise their stock will likely appreciate in value because more investors will want to buy the stock, and if their profits are expected to drop, your share will likely depreciate in value because more investors will want to sell. In the event of a company's bankruptcy, shareholders are the last ones to get their money back after the company's creditors (bondholders, basically). Many times during a bankruptcy the shareholders get nothing. Bonds: Bonds are a debt instrument. If you own a bond, you own part of a company's or government's debt. Some bonds are coupon bonds, meaning the issuer needs to pay the bond holder a certain amount annually or semiannually, and some bonds only pay their face value upon maturity. Here's an example. Let's say Netflix needs to finance a major project that's going to cost them $50 million. Netflix might issue for $750 each 66,666 10-year bonds with a face value of $1000 to investors. Let's say the bond has a semiannual coupon of $50. If you buy one of those bonds, Netflix will have to pay you $50 twice a year for as long as you hold the bond, and then in 10 years when the bond reaches maturity you get the full $1000. In the event of a company bankruptcy, creditors (i.e. bondholders) get their money back before shareholders, although it might not be the full value of what they are owed.
It seems so obvious that there must be an underlying reason why they don't. EDIT: Thanks for everyone who chimed in. Unfortunately, like three of the top four most upvoted replies are jokes, so you kinda have to dig down to find an actual answer. I like Lucas_Steinwalker's. EDIT 2: Check out the responses from the RES team, honestbleep and solidwhetstoneHi. I'm way late to this party and will never be seen, but I'm the guy who wrote RES! There's a lot of half-good information in here... i'll try and clarify a few things... I want to make very clear that Reddit has never offered to hire me. One time, during a stint where they did want to do some hiring, they offered to let me skip their "test" process and go straight to an interview. This is not a job offer. I politely declined, as I was happily and stably employed, etc. I will say, however, that there is truth to the fact that I love Chicago too much to leave... All I ever wanted since I was a little kid was season tickets to the Blackhawks... I have them now, and I can't fathom letting them go just yet. 2) There's only some truth to the "it would be more server load" argument. A lot of things would require virtually no extra server load. For example, the "full comments" link is an absurdly simple thing that Reddit could add but doesn't. I'm not criticizing them for this, mind you -- they may not believe it's best for all users to have that link as it adds yet another link to every item on the page, etc... but it certainly wouldn't increase server load. The vast majority of RES's features requires little to no database related stuff, and would likely not increase server load in a measurable way.
I admit i'm not very aware of the general atrocities going on in the world, but suddenly India is all raping rape victims and killing reporters, and i'd like to understand it in a more profound way than what reading a couple of articles would result in. How the hell did it get here? Has it always been like this? WHY?Indian here. For the past decade or so, rape has been a constant fixture of the criminal landscape. Urban centres like Delhi, Mumbai and so on are just as affected as the rural areas. Our society has almost always dismissed these as the fault of the victim - blaming them for dressing provocatively, being out late at night, being in the company of young horny men and so on. A generally cunty cop-out, but one that society at large accepted for the many years that rapes went on unchecked. Surely it must be the fault of a lascivious young woman and not the WholesomeIndianMale™. In keeping with the general attitudes of civil society, cops act pretty shitty toward rape victims too. The reason rape is the #1 most under-reported crime in this country is because cops are assholes. They mock victims when compaints are being filed, insinuate that they are loose, easy women and frequently fail to follow up properly on rape cases (check out this particularly egregious situation - this is the norm for police conduct, not the exception). However, a few days ago, a girl got gang-raped, and had her insides all but scooped out with iron rods in New Delhi, our capital city. Unusually, she was accompanied by a male friend, at a fairly conservative hour, and was on a "sort of" public transport bus when it happened. This renders all previous cop-outs invalid - how could it be her fault?
When I first subscribed to this subreddit, it was awesome. I saw complex theories and practices written with wit and intelligence in a simple and concise manner. If you look at the front page now, there are really not too many posts that require the lens of a 5 year old. Rather, they are simple questions that require simple answers. They are not logically complex questions, that would require a simplified solution for the layman. Some examples: Hello i'm from Argentina, can someone explain why a black guy eating a watermelon is racist? ELI5: How Apple can publicly claim iPhone 5 is the thinnest smartphone in the world? ELI5: Why can places like Newegg ship UPS for free when it costs regular people so much money? ELI5: The Obama Birther Issue Explain like I'm 5 why the states with the highest average income, health metrics, and education levels are also the most liberal and nobody ever talks about it. Do these type of questions benefit from being described to a 5 year old? These are questions with pretty straightforward answers, and while they may not be suitable for a child, I think it's a waste of real estate in this subreddit when these questions would be much better directed in appropriate r/ask subreddits. I would think we should be seeing more posts like "Why do we stretch and why does it feel good when we do?" The actual answer probably requires some biology and science knowledge of anatomy, and benefits from having it's explanation suited for 5 year old. Also - if you check the number of "Answered" in this subreddit, it's not a high percentage. I think this because the questions are not worthy of a ELI5 explanation. I think we need to have more "big issue" posts, topic posts. EG - ELI5 - The Housing Bubble... or ELI5 Computer Languages Check this out: http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/j86h2/the_fiveyearolds_guide_to_the_galaxy/ This subreddit should be an ever-expanding version of this, right? Instead, we are bloated with a ton of posts that don't require ELI5, and it's ruining the creativity and unique edge this subreddit used to have. Can we band together and downvote questions that don't really require ELI5 and upvote ones that would make for an engaging answer? I hope so. Don't mean to come off negatively, I just want to see this subreddit return to domincance as an intriguing and enlightening subreddit. Not one filled with questions that probably belong in r/politics or r/technology or most appropriately r/askreddit. But maybe I'm wrong. I don't know. Thanks.This requires moderation, not community effort. In this and every other subreddit that gets popular and doesn't stay actively moderated to its original purpose, you see the same decay and the same periodical, popular, meta posts like this. It's a wonderful idea, but the reality is that sufficiently large communities cannot properly moderate themselves. This is an idea that has been discussed and dissected to death in r/theoryofreddit . Mods, please pay attention to OP's post. History shows us the community will not sort this out on its own.This same problem came up over at r/askhistorians, and though it's still a little muddy, the mods and the community have done a lot to keep questions like "What started WWII?" down. It's a combination and a team effort to ensure quality when a sub gets too large. Look at askreddit; go to the new section, and anything inane gets downvoted to oblivion. Sure, the top post on the front page of askreddit is a boring topic that gets to the top about once a week, but you can't win em all.
Thank you c:Educational psychologist here. Current psychological research has shown that the human thinking process is actually made up of at least three major parts: 1) The "sensory memory," 2) The "short term" (aka "working memory,") and 3) The "long term memory." The sensory memory subconsciously takes in all sensory input, such as what you touch, taste, smell, see, hear, etc, and decides what's important and what isn't important. Then it passes the information that it decides is important (like the fact that you see a plate of food on the table) on to the short term memory. Once that information hits the short term memory, that's when you become consciously aware of that info and realize "hey! there's a plate of food on that table!" Later, if the information was important enough, the knowledge that "there used to be a plate of food on that table" might be stored in the long term memory so that you can pull it back and think about it again if you ever need to. In a lot of ways, the short term memory is like a computer's processor, and the long term memory is like a computer's hard drive. So... what does that all have to do with why we are able to speak in our minds? Well, it turns out that the short term memory has some subcomponents that let us do some pretty cool stuff. One of those subcomponents is called our "phonological loop." It's the circuitry of brain cells connected to the short term memory that lets us "hear things" in our mind. It's the part of our brain's wiring that we're using when we have a song stuck in our head, or talk to ourselves in our head, or even remember what a person said to us once. We have other subcomponents that are similar, but for other senses, as well. One of these is called the "visuospatial sketchpad," and it's what allows you to see images in your short term memory, such as remembering what your favorite shirt looks like, or what your first car looked like, etc.
It seems like bribery. I'm sure it's not (or else it would be illegal). What am I missing here?It sounds like you're asking about lobbyists who donate money to politicians campaigns. Lobbying itself is not bribery, it's just speaking to people who have power and trying to influence them. Political contributions by lobbyists are not bribery for a couple of reasons: The money is not a quid pro quo. You don't hand a check to politician and then tell them how to vote, and politicians do not always vote depending on who gave them money. Now yes, a politician is probably going to be influenced by big donors, but not always. If they don't side with you, then you can decide not to donate again. But you can't ask for your money back, or threaten them because you paid them and they didn't do what you wanted. Thus the only incentive to side with you (aside from your incredibly persuasive intellectual arguments) is that you MAY donate to their campaign again. Oppositely, once you've made a contribution, they have your money and can do what they please. You can't get it back. The money is tracked. Campaigns are required to disclose who gave them money. Lobbyists are required to disclose who they gave money to, and they are required to disclose who pays them to lobby. The money is limited (at least for direct contributions to a campaign). There is a limit to how much each individual and business can give to a single campaign. PACs and other organizations are another story for another time.
Hemp: 30,000 tons grown in 2004 worldwide, most of it China - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hemp#Producers Cotton: 25,000,000 tons grown each year - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cotton#Leading_producer_countries EDIT: Alright, people, thanks! Most upvoted is HULK-SMAAASH comment, so I guess that's the answer. I personally liked JorusC and PossiblyLying 's replies just as much. Also skinnyhulk with hands-on experience. Also (late edit) KhabaLox with an authentic ELI5-type answer.Having grown hemp over 'ere in the UK I have this to say. Good points: It is a very fast growing bulk crop It does not require much fertiliser it typically only requires a small amount of potash per Ha. Prevents soil erosion. We got about 14tonnes to the acre last year. It grows in many soils. Bad points Harvesting. there are several ways to harvest Dessication, traditional or forage. This may sound good but dessication requires copious amounts of glyphosate and requires a bloody tall sprayer. our crop was about 9ft high. Traditional combine harvesting requires constant cleaning of the headers whrn harvesting hemp as the natural fibres wrap around everything. It is also hard to harvest at the right moisture content as across the crop the moisture content varies so much. Forage is really the only way to harvest however 9ft high crops tend to be hard to mow. Then a forage harvester picks it up and either bales it or blows it into a trailer. This makes it more expensive to harvest. The price of hemp at sale is very low. Roughly -90% less than wheat.
Source: http://www.theverge.com/2013/4/13/4220954/google-yahoo-microsoft-technet-cispa-support/in/2786603 edit: Thanks for the response everyone! Guess its true they'd rather protect themselves than you, tough to blame them for thatthere is a provision in CISPA that gives companies immunity to civil liability if they hand over private data related to a law enforcement investigation. this immunity is worth alot of money to the companies. they'd rather have legal immunity than take a stand on protecting your privacy.Wait, so do they just give the information away or does the government or investigating force have to ask for that information?This in itself doesn't seem bad in the sense that a liability could interfere with a trial using these, previously, questionable means. CISPA in itself, in my opinion is not evil. It is the overreaching nature in which we perceive, mostly correctly, that the government will overstep it's bounds and companies will be powerless to respond.Let's see what happens when people start getting jail sentences because a corporation gave away their information and it gets out onto social media. No consideration for backlash?
It used to be just a minor annoyance but now it's getting to the point where about 75% of all ELI5 posts reaching the front page are better suited to be on /r/askreddit or r/answers, or sometimes even /r/askscience. Seeing how /r/explainlikeimfive has recently reached 100k readers, I think it's time to address this issue. It seems like people are taking advantage of ELI5 more laid-back attitude and small-yet-noticeable subscription count to post questions that would never see the light of day on other subreddit. This subreddit's purpose is to be, as the sidebar states: A friendly place to ask questions and get elementary school-level answers, without fear of judgement. Take note of what kind of posts used to reach ELI5's front page during its early days: Why is x0 = 1? How do Trust Funds actually work? How does HTTP work? What is fire and how does it work? Notice how each of these posts is a complex subject or question, and how many of the comment literally make the answer simple enough for a five year old to understand. Now let's take a look at what has reached the ELI5 front page over the last week: Why doesn't Reddit simply hire the guy who makes Reddit Enhancement Suite (RES) and make those features part of Reddit? How is downloading movies/books online any different than going to your local library to check out movies/books for free? Why some of my friends think Che Guevera is a hero, and others say he is a bad dude? Why do British people sound American when they sing? None of these posts is complex nor addresses anything that requires explaining. Much of the posts are suggestive or simply provocative, and ALL of them would fit better in other subreddits. The answers to these posts are never fit for 5 year olds, and are no different from /r/Askreddit answers. The subreddit has lost its way. I understand that the admins here want to make the community in charge of what reaches the front page and what gets filtered out, but sometimes forced, strict moderating is what you have to do. No need to go all the way into the no-memes-or-any-kind-of-fun zone where /r/askscience lies, but letting stagnation, new redditors and circlejerkers take over isn't the answer either (See /r/atheism, /r/classicrage, r/gaming or what /r/circlejerk used to be a mere month ago). So please admins, if this post tries to say anything is that you should have stricter rules about which submissions should and should not go on /r/explainlikeimfive. Be a little bit more delete-happy, and try to make the subreddit more like the great video found in the sidebar.Agreed. I used to enjoy this subreddit much more when the questions were simple questions about everyday things, which I'd never really thought about. I used to find it a fun challenge to come up with five-year old explanations to things I thought I understood well. I explained things like comparative advantage, why chillis taste hot, or how computer viruses or operating systems work, and I learnt a lot in the process. There are still good posts here, but they are fewer and farther between than they were. A lot of the current questions just don't have clear answers. They're not everyday, complex but well understood things that need to be explained simply, they're vague, political, uncertain things, or matters of personal taste or preference. There is no clear five year old answer to 'What should be done in the middle east"; There just isn't.The chicken pox question was one of the worst eli5 threads recently. It was more explaining like they were 50 year old scientists. I actually addressed this issue in there and still people continued to explain it like a scientist with chemical formulas and so on below me. This post was completely necessary
I see them turning knobs the entire time...are they just adjusting the volume?First of all, we need to talk about the difference between a DJ and a Producer. A Producer makes music A DJ plays music That said, keep in mind that almost all Producers are also DJs (but NOT many DJs are Producers). Think about it: with any instrument, lots of people play other people's songs, but very few end up good enough to write their own. Same thing. In any case, all the big name DJs you hear of are famous for songs they PRODUCED, (though most of them are, as you might expect, incredible DJs as well). All the DJs you named are both. Finally, as a bunch of other people on this thread said already, there are also DJs that actually produce (make) music live. That's pretty cool, but also much more rare, so I don't think that's what you're talking about. So, what is a DJ doing up there in his (or her) little box. Well, a number of things: Picking songs It's not enough to just pick a good song or even a good dance song to be a good DJ; you need to pick a song that goes well with the last song you played. This is very difficult to do for 3 hours straight unless you know A LOT of music REALLY WELL (which is one of the most important things that makes the best DJs so good). Sometimes, DJs just "know" what songs go well with other songs (practice helps a lot), but other times, they need to listen to both songs being played at the same time to figure out whether they mesh or not. So, while a song is playing on the speakers, the DJ will play another song in his headphones and, listening to both at the same time, decide whether they go well together.
[deleted]I'm going through the comments on many Thatcher threads, news article comments and forums - and there is a lot of happiness over her death - parties, celebrations, pints. I think it'd be worthwhile explaining why she is hated.In the 1980's the British economy was struggling. To get the country out of the mess it was in, she decided to deregulate the banks, sell government owned companies, and get rid of "out-dated" forms of industry, and manufacturing eg: coal mining. This made a lot of people, mainly public sector workers and "blue collar" workers, lose their jobs. The coal miners especially were upset and striked for a long time, however this didn't do any good and in the end they still lost their jobs and livelihoods. This also decimated towns that were built near the mines, turning them into ghost towns filled with unemployed. It also ushered in the era of the UK being a finance based economy, as opposed to manufacturing, which although made some people very rich in the short term did not provide a long term solution to the UK's problems. It can be argued that the current problems in the UK economy are directly due to the changes she instigated, and which the following prime ministers didn't, and couldn't/wouldn't change. So that in a nutshell is why a lot of people really hate her.
I work overnights and find this very annoying since I can't go straight to bed when I get home EDIT: Apparently I need a more exciting job and/or experiment with cocaine and crystal meth. Thanks for all the responses guys. Think I might take up drinking before bed as well. Let's all meet at the bar at 7 am. First rounds on me!You hate your job.I want your response to stay the top response, because I suspect it really does cut to the meat of the problem. But I just want to add a couple of things. When you're sleepy but you're staying up, your body releases stress chemicals to help you out. They build up all night, and by the time you leave work, they're pretty near peak. Furthermore, all earth organisms have a VERY VERY powerful internal daily scheduler. It is reinforced by light cues, but can operate independently of them. So when you walk out of work, not only is your body saying, "okay, its morning, time to be awake!" but this information is being corroborated by all the light you're getting.Correct and it's a legit ELI5 response.Also, poor (i.e. overly bright flourescent) lighting.
The reason for the straight frame "nut crusher" design is to make it stronger. Remember when they told you that triangles are strong? If you look at a "men's" bike frame you see that it is made of two large triangles, meaning it can take a bigger weight, can survive bigger falls and can be made lighter (by having thinner walled tubes) for the same strength. If you wear skirts you can't have that advantage so the "woman" style frame was created. With advances in materials the strength has become less of an issue (except in high performance biking) but the social stigma of a "girls bike" keeps most men from rising one. Interestingly when I lived in Japan every single bike was the lower barred "girl frame" style, presumably because they don't have he same stigma and are more convenient.I live in China. Same thing here. There are "nut crusher" frames around, but they are far less common. As you say, the advances in materials make the need for the "nut crusher" bar irrelevant for all but the highest end cycles. A lower bar is easier for 99% of cycling uses.
I've always wondered why razor refills are so expensive. It seems like they shouldn't cost that much to make. Is it some sort of razor company conspiracy?It is a business model that's been widely adopted. They sell the razor handle itself rather cheaply, but then make huge profits on the blades. The blades are made to not be interchangeable, so you have to buy the blades from them. BWAH HA HA HA! This model has been so successful that it was adopted by makers of inkjet printers. They sell the printers themselves quite cheaply (sometimes below the actual cost of production) and then charge very high prices for ink refill cartridges.Jokes on everyone because I shave with inkjet printersTo get technical, the handle is called a loss leader, "a product sold at a low price, at or below its market cost to stimulate other sales of more profitable goods or services".And this is why I got a shavette straight razor. Disposable blades, 10 bucks for 200 of them. Better shave, no razor burn and more "manly". Only downside is you can't shave in a hurry (unless your a master)...or hung over (unless your a drunken master)
I know this may be a dumb question, but I'm curious. Obviously the band/orchestra has practiced the song a million times prior to a live performance. Do the musicians still follow the conductor's lead, or do they just play from memory? Edit: Wow! I've had no idea this would get such a huge response. Thank you for the answers guys, I've learned a lot of interesting things today!!From where you sit in an orchestra, you do not hear every other instrument clearly. This impacts some more than others, but there are people (from experience - the pianist) who can't hear most of the other players - for them the conductor is absolutely essential. Also, a lot of classical repertoire, especially music from the 19th century onward, requires constant speeding up and slowing down, either in the form of tempo changes or as rubato (bending the rhythm for a few notes for dramatic effect) which is hard to do without a conductor. Also, the conductor is the only person to hear every instrument roughly like an audience member. Thus, they are the only person in an orchestra (assuming a large ensemble) who can hear which sections are too loud and which are too soft, and a large part of the conductor's job is telling individual instruments to change their volume. That said, there are many smaller ensembles and orchestras, particularly those playing baroque and pre-baroque music, that don't play with conductors.As an opera singer, having a good conductor in the pit is like having your mother watch over you. You feel much more secure performing. The first time I did a Puccini opera, "La Boheme," the orchestra sounded so cloudy from the stage, it was hard to hear the beat. With all of the uneven phrase structures and tempo changes, a conductor is absolutely essential.
How can they afford to have 2 F1 teams. Sponsor Felix Baumgartner. Sponsor the Air Race and numerous different extreme sports. Yet all the seem to sell is Redbull energy drinks. They cant make that much money can they?Food technology business guy here. Keep in mind that the operating and manufacturing costs for soft drinks are ridiculously low. Food technology is pretty much just a basic set of chemicals that are essentially commodities (i.e., all products are nearly identical, so they all have an insanely low price). Because of the lengthy FDA GRAS (Generally Recognized as Safe) approval cycle, the majority of breakthroughs in food science today are just better ways to combine these different chemicals to get a certain recipe/application functionality, flavor, umami, or mouthfeel. It's not rocket surgery. Of the ingredients that go into a soft drink, the highest cost will invariably be the packaging (the can) and the packaging coating (e.g., the chemical coating on the inside to make it food-safe). Everything else (phosphates, water, sugar, caffeine and its derivatives, dyes, flavoring...) is an industrial chemical that can be bought for a few hundred bucks a ton. Even carbonation is a technology that has been around since the 19th century. It's a well-perfected process. The real money is in the marketing. Sustain a decade-long "Red Bull gives you wings" campaign and Red Bull's name becomes permanently beamed into people's minds when they think of energy drinks. So Red Bull can absolutely ask a brazillian dollars for a can that really only costs them a few cents to make. More for sugarfree or zero-calorie versions that takes virtually no extra effort to manufacture. Marketing is where the whole becomes worth more than the sum of its parts.
What happened, why are some people agreeing with him, what made him do what he did, the whole nine yards.Dorner was terminated on September 4, 2008, for filing a report concerning the conduct of fellow police officer, Teresa Evans (now a sergeant), for excessive force, which the police claim is false. Dorner accused Officer Evans of kicking suspect Christopher Gettler in the face while he was handcuffed and lying on the ground. An internal review board concluded that Dorner had falsified his report despite the corroborating statements of the kicking victim and of Gettler's father.[13] Dorner cited his termination and sworn testimony that such excessive force did occur Side 1: Dorner was fired for blowing the whistle on a cop using excessive force. Long story short - he was called a liar, and fired. People support him in this endeavor because even if he was mistaken and excessive force wasn't used, he shouldn't have been fired for just watching the public's back, myself included. It probably makes more sense to say "I support what happened was immoral" rather than to say "I support Dorner." On February 9, 2013, the LAPD announced that it would reopen the disciplinary proceedings that led to Dorner's firing I think the LAPD messed up, and I hope this will lead to some changes in law enforcement, especially the amount of people that were caught in the crossfire of the man hunt (1 killed, 2 injured IIRC).
I don't recall ever being given an option to use another browser than safari on any of my macs. http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-21684329Really the reason is that several years ago Microsoft was involved in an antitrust case in the EU over their browsers. As part of the settlement agreement, they agreed to put a message allowing users to chose their browser. This got removed somehow in a Windows 7 update. As per their agreement, they were fined. If the EU wanted to pursue apple over this they would have to go to court and everything, because the fines are the results of a specific agreement between Microsoft and the EU.Did MS just fuck up, think no one would notice or did they think the fine was worth it?I'm not certain if the EU antitrust case is similar to the one in the US (upon further investigation, it stemmed from similar things), but Apple's implementation of Safari is not like Microsoft's in their US antitrust case. In those days, it was harder to get another browser (you pretty much had to pay for it in a brick-and-mortar store or spend a long time downloading). It was alleged that Microsoft was using its APIs to make download and operation of alternative browsers more difficult (Edit: removal of IE is what allegedly made Windows slower). Additionally, Microsoft was conspiring with PC manufacturers (remember, unlike Apple, Microsoft's product is not generally run on Microsoft machines) to bundle software in order to get a foot in the door and squash competition. Microsoft had a lot of leverage with PC manufacturers since Windows was the default OS for most people. It wasn't just that they included IE with Windows.
I think it would be a safe assumption that being a productive, hard working individual is advantageous from an evolutionary perspective. You can tell we are programmed as such since after a hard workout at the gym or nailing a big presentation at work our brain's reward system tells us we did a good job and releases endorphins/dopamine/whatever. That being said...why do I have no other desire than to lounge around with a pizza and a blanket and watch Netflix all day? And isn't it interesting that when you do that, later on you typically feel bad about the fact that you weren't productive and sat on your ass all day? Busting my ass and doing great things gives me such greater pleasure than being lazy, but being lazy always seems like a much better option than busting my ass. Scumbag brain. EDIT: Look I understand that biologically we are wired to conserve energy...but that doesn't explain the cognitive dissonance in my brain where it tells me to be lazy but at the same time beats me up for doing so. EDIT 2: I think all i've learned from this debate is that I have a fundamentally flawed understanding of evolution. Hahaha EDIT 3: And the lightbulb finally went off. I get what everyone is saying now I think. So if i'm understanding everything right, the means to propagating our genes ARE hard coded into our DNA, but that hard coding tells us to be lazy as a result of millions of years of evolution as opposed to few thousands of years of living in civilized society that probably had little to no effect on our genetic makeup. I think what I was trying to say was that evolution has been favorable to those who are adaptable, and those who can adapt to our current society the best will reap the most rewards, allowing most potential to propagate our genes. I hope that made sense...i'm thoroughly confused now and my brain hurts.
For the past month tension on the Korean peninsula has been heating up, with North Korea making many multiple threats involving nuclear weapons. The rhetoric has especially been heated the past week. If you have any questions about the Korean crisis, please ask here. All new threads will be deleted and moved here for the time. Remember: avoid bias, use citations, and keep things simple. This thread will be stickied temporarily for at least a couple days, perhaps longer. EDIT: people keep asking the same question, so I'll put the answer up here. North Korea has a virtually zero chance of hitting mainland United States with a missile. Do not be afraid of this happening.Quick summary of recent events and the situation in general: On April 1st, the DPRK issued a full declaration of war that can be read in full here: http://live.reuters.com/Event/North_Korea/70001409 Sadly, this was not an April Fool's prank, although we'd all like the DPRK a lot better if it was. Most of this "document" is rhetoric and rambling that seems to have been translated by a 5 year old, so I won't summarize it. At this point, we were pretty sure the DPRK was just posturing. Later that day, China began mobilizing it's troops to the DPRK border. The details can be read here: http://freebeacon.com/border-patrol/ China almost certainly will not actually intervene in the event of a war and seems to be preparing to control it's borders in case refugees try to flee into their country. There's a possibility Chinese intelligence knows something we don't, or they could just be doing a "just in case" thing because of the DPRK's declaration of war. The world is still not too worried, DPRK is probably just posturing. Fast forward to yesterday and the DPRK has now vowed "actual military action". Not really many details, but the source is here:
Apologies if this has already been posted but I couldnt find it. So anyway, what will this ruling mean and what will change because of it?You're the lucky first one! Generally it means that if your state approves of your gay marriage the federal government must recognize it as well. This doesn't mean gay marriage is legal everywhere, but it means gay marriage, where it's legal, will be more equal than it was before this ruling.so my gay friends were legally married in DC but live in NC (where we just passed an amendment ruling gay marriage unconstitutional in the state). Will they receive the federal benefits because they were legally married, even it's not recognized in their state of residence? Also, does this decision affect NC's Amendment 1 and similar laws in any way?Their Prop 8 ruling was probably the best thing that could happen for Gay Rights advocates. It is much easier to take the fight state by state than push for wholesale change. Numbers show that most if not all states will have a majority support for gay marriage by 2023.
You see posts like these from time to time. It claims that the animals near the radiation zone and in the zone are thriving because of the lack of human presence. Humans aren't there because radiation sickness hurts, so why aren't the animals dying as well?In order to overdose on tylenol, you have to take a large amount in a short period of time. Similarly, "radiation sickness" or acute radiation injury requires a large dose of radiation in a short amount of time. The radiation dose rate isn't high enough inside the disaster zone to trigger this effect (with the exception of areas inside the reactor building itself edit and a few other localized areas of high contamination). Ionizing radiation damages DNA, and your body has many DNA repair mechanisms. A large dose of radiation in a short period of time can overload those mechanisms, leading to radiation injury. The reason humans aren't allowed to live there isn't because of radiation sickness. It is because the elevated amounts of radiation would lead to slightly increased cancer risks. Many people ignore the orders and continue to live there. You can read about them here.There was actually an excellent series done on this by PBS regarding how the animal kingdom has thrived in the exclusion zone. Even with the elevated levels causing twice the birth defects, it's still a haven for animals. Link to video Link to article about video (in case you don't have an hour to spend watching it)
It seems more cost/fuel efficient to make cars with lower top speeds (no higher than 10 or so mph over the speed limit), but also I'm an idiot so who knows. I understand why sports cars are fast, but why would a Toyota Camry need to have the capability of going 120 mph?People like cars that can accelerate quickly (vroom-vroom!), which requires a semi-powerful motor. We also want an efficient vehicle that gets good gas mileage, so we have transmissions with gears that let the engine run at low speeds even while the car is going fast (80 mph). The thing is, the engine still has a lot more power to offer and therefore the car can produce much more top end speed than is needed. Think of it like running - you can't sprint for very long, but you can jog for a long time. If 80 mph is to be efficient for a car, that can't be it's top speed, since that would mean the engine is working it's hardest. You want to cruiiise along. TL,DR: It is a side effect of efficiency. Edit: Thanks for the gold!Exactly this. There are some older cars not working very well that top out at 75. That is pedal to the metal for them. You are probably aware of these 'cars', they are the ones that take forever to speed up on the on ramp, and are still going 55 a 1/2 mile farther down the express way.
Recently a friend asked me if I had seen the X-Files, and when I said yes, asked me to explain the overarching alien storyline to him. I watched all the episodes when the show was on TV, but the best I could muster was a half-hearted ramble about aliens, and rebel aliens, and alien hybrids, and some black oil, and maybe the Nazis were there? And the Anasazi were there? I tried Googling a synopsis, but everybody wants to write a 50,000 work dissertation on the nuances of the show when I'm really only looking for a concise answer. What was actually happening with the aliens on The X-Files? Edit: The truth was out there, specifically in djonesuk's comment. Thanks djonesuk!The X-Files plot arc was about a group of people (The Syndicate) who were trying to negotiate with an alien species (The Colonists) that was intent on taking over the world, wiping out humankind in the process. First contact with the aliens occurred in 1947, when one of their spacecraft crash landed in the desert in New Mexico. In the face of the inevitability that the superior alien intelligence and technology would ultimately beat them, a small group of powerful men negotiated an agreement that humanity would be allowed to continue in the form of an alien-human hybrid. The Syndicate spent most of its time helping The Colonists develop the hybrids by keeping them supplied with human foetuses. However, they were also covertly working on a vaccine that would save humanity from this awful fate. Unfortunately, The Colonists had lied to The Syndicate about what their plans were. The Black Oil that was supposed to create a human-alien slave race, was in fact a virus that created aliens inside the human host and their true intention was to wipe out humanity and take the planet for themselves. The Syndicate's discovery of this betrayal led The Colonists to develop a race of Super Soldiers to ensure that the colonisation of Earth would not be prevented. The series ends with the revelation that the alien invasion is due to start in December 2012, the end of the Mayan calendar.
EDIT: A lot of the questions posed lately could be answered in normal unsimplified language and a 5 year old could still comprehend it. Its the questions that would be hard for a 5-year old to grasp if explained accurately and with the terms and words applicable to the subject that need to be asked here. Examples of what i mean are here HERE There are lots more. Please for topics that arent complicated or hard to understand but you still wish to get more information please use r/askreddit. Complicated matters may include things like nuclear science, chemistry, mathmatic, real estate, financial matters, psychology etc. Not things like "how does fantasy football work" Some people don't share my views on this and that is fine! Everyone has an opinion. In the mean time i think what some of us wanted here were Complicated things Simplified. Laymans terms. So i created a subreddit for it.Why /AskReddit instead of /Answers? I always thought that /AskReddit was for to ask people subjective questions or their personal opinions, whereas /Answers was more factually-oriented, like ELI5 is. Here's my mental flowchart for navigating through these related subs: Can it be explained in dead-simple English? If yes-->/ELI5 If no: 2) Is it science-related? If yes-->/AskScience If no: 3) Is it social science-related? If yes-->/AskSocialScience If no: 4) Is the question subjective? If yes-->/AskReddit If no: 5) For all others-->/Answers Is my understanding of the distinction between these subs correct?
I don't understand why massive amounts of money are safe enough for use on online transactions but voting on local and national elections through the internet isn't a thing yet.Voting needs to be anonymous and have a trusted trail. Paper ballots fit this bill perfectly. You walk into the booth alone and cast your ballot. No matter who someone else told you to vote for they can't control that actual ballot. The election is staffed by people from all major parties and ballots are put into counting machines, etc, in public view. A computer usually tallies the results to make it faster but if there is an issue then they can be hand counted. Online banking is not anonymous and everything you do is recorded. If there is a problem they can pull logs of your IP, login attempts, transactions, everything that was done in your name. Both parties want to ensure they each know who the other is and what they are doing. Creating an internet system that allows someone to validate who they are so they can vote (only once) and yet doesn't store who they voted for is tough. Even if someone says the system is anonymous how can you be sure the NSA (or a company or whomever) isn't recording who you voted for to use against you later? Do you trust the company making the software to actually accept your vote for Kang rather than Kodos? What about an employer who doesn't give people time off of work to vote but allows them to vote on a special office computer? One that might have it's own tracking software or even just a camera in the ceiling to record who votes for who.
Reddit seems to usually support the notion that American's ideals of beauty are heavily influenced by the images and scenarios we see in the media, so much so that much of our behavior is impacted by the desire to conform to these standards. But reddit is very skeptical that violent images and scenarios in the media influence how Americans react to confrontation. Am I incorrectly lumping the proponents of these two views together? Or is there a simple, consistent way to hold both these views at the same time? EDIT: The question was very broad, so I apologize. Many people are assuming I am referring to spree killings or mass-shootings when I talk about violence, which is understandable because those are the incidents that cause this debate to resurface. However, I had more "common" violence in mind; gang violence, fights over women, domestic violence; Castle Doctrine inspired by "No Duty to Retreat"-style country westerns; vigilante justice in the style of Charles Bronson's "Death Wish."It's a good question, and I think it really has to do with attitude more than anything else. And attitude is important. It's entirely possible (even likely) that video games do influence people, but not necessarily in the ways you hear about in the media. The typical claim about video games, for example, is that they condition people to commit violent acts, or they make people more prone to engage in violence. And that's pretty absurd because millions upon millions of people play violent games and watch violent movies/TV without committing violent acts. That's what people get up in arms, so to speak, about. But that doesn't mean people aren't being influenced in any way. It's entirely plausible that people are being desensitized to the sight of violence, and that this changes the way they think about violence in the world. I was in high school when the Iraq war started, and I remember that kids wanted to watch the coverage on the news so they could see the bombs dropping on Baghdad. And it was this almost pretty kind of green night-vision view, with these glowing lights that were rockets and explosions.
The TI-89 Titanium retails for 200 US Dollars (can be found for about 130-140). The TI-89 has been around since 1998. Since then we've developed smart phones, tablets, kindles, etc. Why is the TI-89 still the standard when we could seemingly replace it with something much more powerful for the same or a lesser price?Blame CollegeBoard, the company that administers SAT and AP exams. They only allow certain specified models of Casion, HP, Radio Shack, Sharp, TI, and a few others. They're also very strict about NOT using app-based smartphones as a substitute in their tests. Further, many college math classes require them, and have stuck with particular models, especially TI, as they or their teaching assistants can help with those, but not some random app you downloaded last week. With students forced to buy these, and college stores stocking them as a result, TI has little incentive to innovate or bring the price down.TI does innovate. They just don't become popular. Check out the NSpireRelevant xkcd
We don't; we want them to die. It's harsh, but it's (relatively) true. If you look at your family tree 100, 200 or even 500 years back, you'll find out that your grandmothers churned out at least half a dozen babies in their lifetimes. Due to poverty or sickness, many of these poor kids died, but one or two would go on and have kids of their own. In better times, maybe three or four would survive, but due to war or terrible working conditions, they would die off in their teens or 20s, leaving very few children behind. Similarly the women, if not dying during childbirth, would die at what we now consider a relatively young age of around 50-60, because they wouldn't be able to support themselves. Fast forward to the 1940s, and we see countries with safe jobs, strong economies, and low mortality rates thanks to improved medicine and working conditions. Women still have 5 or 6 kids, and most of them survive... all the way through till now. Good for you, gramps - you're one of the Baby Boomers. And because these old people are staying fitter and healthier for longer, they're staying at work. No more quitting at 50 because of a bad back or arthritis; these guys just neck a few pills, take up some physiotherapy and carry on. This means that the younger kids can't move up the career path; the top jobs are all being held by people in their 60s or even 70s who have decades of experience and who still have all their marbles too. They're making all the money as well, so younger people earn less, and keep earning less well into their 40s.
I've just wondered what's the reason behind doing this, and why it seems to work for everything.Let's say you were playing a chess game, and suddenly noticed that somehow, a few moves ago, both of your bishops ended up on the same color. Now, neither you nor your opponent remember the moves that ended up with that position, so you can't "undo" them. However, you can't just keep playing, because the board is in an invalid position. So you guys get stuck trying to figure out what to do until one of you suggests just starting a new game. Taking all the pieces off the board and setting them up again in the starting position would fix the problem of your bishop being in the wrong spot, but you also lose the game in progress right now. That's - more or less - how rebooting your computer to fix a bug goes: it gets you out of the invalid position, but at the cost of everything else going on.This makes me want to start a subreddit called "explain it like I'm a 5 year old chess player".Truly an elegant explanation of a complicated event.
Aren't there laws against being overtly misleading in advertising?They offer 305mbit/s fiber residential service in certain metro areas - they are the fastest residential isp In those and likely other areas as well http://gigaom.com/2012/07/24/and-here-it-is-comcasts-305-mbps-tier/ edit: also they may be saying something like "fastest national ISP" because one-offs like Google Fiber are not a nation-wide ISP. And when they offer 305mbit/s vs FiOS' 300, they do have the edge in numbers too.exactly. all they need is 1 dude with super duper bandwidth to say they are the fastest ISP in the world. i always imagined the CEO having a crazy fiber line going to his house just to make that claim.Plus, usually somewhere in the ad, in fine print, where you'd need a magnifying glass to read it on a 100" screen, it probably says something like "based on broadband survey 9/2010" or something like that. Usually they disclose where the figure is coming from, and for all you know, they took the survey by running a speed test that favored them.
I am reteaching myself math, but something is bugging me soooo bad and I can't find the answer. What is a real life example of multiplying a fraction by a fraction? I was wondering why .05 to the 5th exponent would get smaller not bigger. This is driving me bonkers.Wow I cannot believe people are downvoting these threads solely because they want to be Mods (or don't want others to be mods).It's like top level law schools. Students rip out important pages in library books so no one else can study them.Internet moderators are a weird bunch, having been one. It's like that tiny little taste of power over people. It's an easy authority over a large group of masses with low responsibility. It's highly desirable on paper. But then you realize authority ain't shit, people still don't listen to you despite a colorful tag, and it just means dealing with drama. I'd do it again personally, it's kinda nice to be "in" for something you like. But it'd have to be as a hands off mod, I've tried to make shit work in small gaming communities (after struggling tooth and nail with other admins that hated me) and it's a fucking nightmare if you actually want to create change.
I get that they're usually just slightly older babies but sometimes it seems that they're fresh out of the womb. Surely they can't just bring one straight from the hospital when they're born.They're pretty much all several weeks old. Because if nothing else - to be in a film you need a bunch of paperwork filled out and filed, and that takes a couple of weeks to do. Also, newborn babies (ie 48 hours or less) are ugly as hell. Three week old babies are cute. But there's services in Hollywoodland wherein pregnant women register themselves and their due date, and when it comes time to shoot the baby scene the movie company calls up the baby service and says "Yeah, I need a black male - how many you got for next Thursday?" and the Service company makes some calls and comes up with a number - 3, 5, 10, whatever. That many black male babies of the apropriate 3-6 week age. So those mothers drag the kids over next Thursday (assuming the kid isn't sick, or whatever) and they shoot the scene with whichever one is cooperating the most with being covered in jelly[1] and shoved under hot bright lights. And there's your "birth" scene. A jelly covered confused child who is hot and blind. [1]It's not actually jelly, but probably dyed petrolum gel or some other similar fluid. You get the idea - something sticky looking that's red.
When I was in ninth grade, my history teacher was odd. I remember the Magna Carta being in 1215 and the bit I mentioned about the bible. But that's all. So true? False? Help?The King James Bible was commissioned by James I in the early 1600s. The Church of England was less than a century old and they were still bickering over translations of the bible into English. There had been a couple of attempts previously, but enough people were unhappy with them that James ordered a new one. This one ended up satisfying enough people for long enough that it became traditional.That, and the leaders of the Church of England (the Bishops) didn't approve of the Geneva Bible (they felt it insulted their church organization), which was wildly popular throughout England and* the continent. The KJB actually used the phrasing and wordings of several of the previous translations; when it was published, it had the support of the crown, which meant it had publishing power to outlast other translations (like the Geneva*)... part of the widespread popularity of the KJB was that about 50 years after it's initial publication, it was the only Bible available to buy. That, and with the spread of the British empire (to America, to India, etc), the KJB spread throughout the world like no other translation previously had. *edits: Because my brain doesn't function in the morning.
Because regular language isn't as descriptive as it should be to make an agreement with. Agreements typically define things as either A or B, with no empty space in between to meddle over. Think of it as an agreement with Mom and Dad: When you finish your dinner you will get to play with the Lego or the other toys. Now, "finish" your "dinner"? Does that mean I have to stop eating, that I have to eat all vegetables or that the plate must be clean? Do I have to lick up the sauce to count as "finished"? If I finish it by feeding it all to Mom, does that count? And then when I do get to play, do I get to play with the Lego and the other toys, or do I have to choose between the Lego on the one side and the other toys on the other? So we go another draft: When you finish your dinner, meaning that at least 90% of the vegetables by weight and at least 50% of the potatoes and meat are consumed by you, you may play with any or all of your toys at your discretion. That's a lot closer to the intended meaning but it's a lot harder to read too. Lawyers typically try to close all visible loopholes.
For example, marijuana. If this triggers the release of dopamine within the body, why not just shoot up dopamine?A lot of neurotransmitters (think hormones, but in the brain) actually can't cross the blood-brain barrier (they can't get into the brain if they're outside the brain). So it wouldn't matter if you injected yourself with dopamine, it probably wouldn't have a major effect on your brain. One way around this is using chemicals which the brain can then synthesise into the neurotransmitters. For example, dopamine is synthesised in the brain using a chemical called L-Dopa, which CAN pass through the blood-brain barrier. So, drugs used to treat Parkinson's, which is caused by a lack of dopamine, actually contain L-Dopa, rather than dopamine itself.So why don't we inject l-dopa?The ELI5 version: you have a friend across the street who wants ice cream. Youve got ice cream and the ingredients to make ice cream at your house. However, the road is too hot to carry ice cream over. You have the cream and sugar though, and he has a freezer. So, you carry the cream and sugar across the street and he mixes it and freezes to get him the ice cream he desires.
I find myself fixating my eyes on something without paying attention to it. What's my brain doing and why does my body essentially pause while it's happening?Your brain's default mode network is becoming activated. As a five year old, this is like when the car is turned on but is at a stop sign. All the parts are working, but the engine is going at a slower speed than when the car is moving and other parts, like the brakes are more active.So our brain is idling? Way cool. Thanks!This is awesome; thanks for it! I've often wondered what it is. I would describe it as after a long time staying focused on some task, there is more of a chance that it will happen. Some fact or thought will enter my mind, and I can feel my focus waning. I can fight it off but it feels good to let go. I can feel my focus turning to a broad awareness. The thought that started it all sparks new thoughts and considerations. Sometimes it's a wild train of thought with a ton of nested "this leads to that" kind of thinking. It feels refreshing; I've often described it as "stretching for your brain" in that it feels as good as (or similarly to) a good stretch does to your muscles.
Hey guys, I'm new at this whole Reddit thing, wasn't sure where to ask this. Now, I understand Wikipedia is not an acceptable source for school essays, yet whenever I'm interested in learning about something I can nearly always go to Wikipedia and find a relatively well manicured, fairly thorough article that generally satiates my thirst for knowledge. How is this possible? Who stops the assholes from covering these articles in walls of ascii porn? Are the mods just that awesome? Is the vandalism just really easy to remove? Who's writing all these articles anyway? (Edit: Grammar, courtesy of mrthedon)First of all, wikipedia is a fine source for essays, at least compared to any other encyclopedia. Which means you should use it as a starting point, and then investigate the sources the article refers to. Lots of good questions here. Let's take them one at a time. Who stops the assholes from covering these articles in walls of ascii porn? Generally, just regular users, who spend hours and hours of their own time undoing stuff like this. Are the mods just that awesome? They appear to be good, but most of the work done to keep up the appearance (and in fact most of the work on the articles themselves) are written by regular people with no particular wikipedia-given powers. Is the vandalism just really easy to remove? Undoing vandalism is actually really easy, and smart people have made it extremely efficient and even created bots which will remove some particularly obvious vandalism. It's really hard to vandalize wikipedia for any length of time without going to a lot more effort than those undoing you.
I live in Minnesota, and we rarely get tornados (compared to OK or KS at least), but we pretty much all have basements. Why don't all houses/apartments have interior basements instead of exterior shelters?Basements are (sort of) a requirement in cold climates such as your own, or here in Canada, where the foundation needs to be below the frost line to avoid having the building shift and eventually collapse as the ground freezes and thaws over the years. Since you have to dig that deep anyway, there's no reason not to use the space you're excavating as an extra floor below the ground level - a basement. In warmer climates, a basement is entirely optional. You can save a lot of money by skipping it, and also some potential annoyance with flooding as well. So it's a lot less common.This is correct. The biggest two factors for basements are frost lines and terrain. Building into a hillside requires some excavation, although not as much as digging a full basement. That's where you get your exposed basements. In the USA (and likely elsewhere, but I only did design work in the US), foundations must go below the frost line. The farther north you go, the lower that is. At some point, it is cheaper to leave an open basement than pouring that much concrete to work as the foundation.
Issues like this are usually due to mishandling of character encoding. Inside computers all data is stored a series of numbers. Basically, the old way of storing text is to use exactly one byte (eight bits; each bit is a 0 or 1) for every single letter. This is what ASCII is; in ASCII the numbers from 0 to 255 each correspond to a letter, for example the number 97 is lowercase a. The issue with this is that there are a lot more than 255 different characters that people want to use in text; even many Western European languages didn't have some of their symbols available. Asian languages, Eastern European, Hebrew and so on don't have any of their letters available in ASCII. This problem is solved by having a much larger range of letters called Unicode. Using this scheme they have an extremely large space for symbols, which allows them to have characters for silly things like smiley faces and snowmen. There are different ways for storing the Unicode characters; some of them just always use 16 or 32 bits for each character but that ends up not being very efficient for most Western-biased usages where almost all of the letters are from ASCII and only a few are "special". The most common way of encoding the charaters is called which is the same as ASCII for characters numbered 0 to 127, but the other characters use multiple bytes. UTF-8 has some nice properties that are beyond what I will mention here, but the important thing is if you accidentally try to read UTF-8 text as ASCII, any of the simple letters or numbers will look normal.
From working at the inside of a large public University. Lots of money is going towards the administrative costs. I saw a massive increase in admin positions vs. teaching/support staff positions. WSJ had a good article on this exact topic at the very end of 2012. Some more interesting excerpts. Many of the newly hired, it turns out, were doing little teaching. A Wall Street Journal analysis of University of Minnesota salary and employment records from 2001 through last spring shows that the system added more than 1,000 administrators over that period. Their ranks grew 37%, more than twice as fast as the teaching corps and nearly twice as fast as the student body. Across U.S. higher education, nonclassroom costs have ballooned, administrative payrolls being a prime example. The number of employees hired by colleges and universities to manage or administer people, programs and regulations increased 50% faster than the number of instructors between 2001 and 2011, the U.S. Department of Education says. Administrative employees make up an increasing share of the university's higher-paid people. The school employs 353 people earning more than $200,000 a year. That is up 57% from the inflation-adjusted pay equivalent in 2001. Among this $200,000-plus group, 81 today have administrative titles, versus 39 in 2001.
Many say (not me, I liked it) that "The Hobbit" looked like a cheap soap opera because their highers FPS (THAT IS NOT THE POINT, THE POINT IS IN THE NEXT SENTENCE). So why television shows do not lower their frames per second in order to look like movies, that have lower FPS, since that high frame rate is somewhat strange for our eyes?Some do. 30 Rock does this. You can see the difference easily if you compare the two live episodes they did - filmed in higher "TV" fps - with a normal episode. They even make a joke about the difference at the end of one of the live episodes ("Something feels different", or something like that). Breaking Bad, HBO shows like Game of Thrones, etc also shoot at 24 fps.Most of the difference in the appearance between the live shows and the normal shows is the lack of post production.30 Rock shoots at 24fps because it's shot on film. It's rare for a professional film cinema camera to shoot 30fps (or rather 29.97, which is what most digital cams [and TV shows] shoot at)."It feels like...we're in a Mexican soap opera" or something to that effect.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.I speak not a word of Spanish but I love Junot Diaz's work, the dude knows how to tell a story and it's never too difficult to figure out what the Spanish bits were saying.Also, at least in the US, Spanish is a pretty damn common second language and a pretty damn common foreign language to take in school. Of the people I know, I'd say about 75-85% of those under the age of 30 can at the very least read Spanish at some level, and I don't even live in the Southwest.Where would you suggest that I start with him?Agreed, though this isn't 100% consistent he tends to like using Spanish phrases to label something that he spent a whole paragraph describing in English. It is presumably a bit more accessible if you have a strong understanding of the language but I don't think it takes anything away.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.It's because what once was fluid has become static. No matter what you do, you'll never get that story to move like it did before. I liken it to watching over the shoulder of a true-life painter as he puts a busy street on the canvas. What will he include and not include? Where will each new brushstroke take you? The wonderment that fills you as the blank canvas becomes filled with people and cars and trees and animals is the truest joy of reading. But then you start to notice how little blank canvas is left - how few pages you have left to turn. And you are filled with an implacable dread, because you know it's almost over. The mystery is fleeing; it's coming to an end and all you can do is keep watching. And then it's over. He lets you keep the painting. You put it up in your bedroom with the rest and you know that at any point in the rest of your life, you can go back and look at it again, but it just won't be the same. Because you're not watching it in real-time anymore. The street you saw bustling with life is now dried on paper. That post-book depression is the longing for the words on the pages to move for you like they did the first time you read them. When you didn't know what the next paragraph held and the world in which the characters found themselves was entirely without limit. Because any time you re-read the story, you know that they aren't free to roam anywhere like they were before. They are stuck in a cart on a track and all you can hope for is to notice something about the scene you didn't before, and to just try to relive those feelings you had the first time around.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Your dad's book list seems to be pretty popular. Both of them are showing up as "Too many requests, try again later"A Statistical Analysis of Your Dad’s Booklist https://www.dropbox.com/s/500lkv3y52ghl6e/booklist_plots.pdf Foreword: In general, we have too little data for the years 1973-1991, so interpretation could be tricky. I included these years anyway for completeness’ sake. I removed all data with missing values or invalid dates. Plot 1: Overall, your dad rated the books he read after 2006 better than the ones before. Maybe he selected them better, or he got more generous in his ratings as he got older. Plot 2: His ratings did not depend on the month in which he read the books. For instance, he liked the books he read in March as much as the books he read in September. An interesting exception is February, which has a slightly lower score median.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.And such a great book to find, reaper man is one of my favourites of Terry Pratchett's books. Totally appropriate too that Death takes a holiday too :) Where did you find it/ any story behind it?The Death books are my favorite Pratchett books.I found it in Madison, WI. Which is funny, because my boyfriend just told me about a book Terry Pratchett and Steven Baxter wrote together (my bf is more into that "hard" sci-fi), and while they reference all these local Madison landmarks, they still use British colloguialisms that no Madisonian would use, like "lads."Reaper Man is when Death is retired, Mort and Soul Music are when he takes holidays iirc. Not that it really matters, but I find it helps to be precise in cases such as this.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.It's my favorite monument in Berlin. This one is all the more striking due to the large empty square all around it. So you go there and just see tons of people standing around, looking down. It doesn't make any sense until you too go over and look down.It's also my favourite monument in Berlin, however every time I've been to it there hasn't been another soul around.I recently attended the Holocaust museum in Jerusalem and they have something similar. They had photographs of books burning, videos, displays of burned/salvaged objects. It's a heavy experience. Now I know why my English teachers never thought book burning jokes were funny. It's sad to watch. Even though I'm Jewish, I have no family I am aware of who died in the Holocaust but I still feel connected to the victims because of this inescapable aspect of my identity. At the very end of the tour is a hall of records which is supposed to have every victims name in it, but a lot of the space is still unfilled since not all the names are known. In the middle of this records room was a big pit that goes deep down. My mother asked me why the pit and I didn't think of this at the time, but it's the scar we carry. 1/3 of your population systematically killed leaves a big hole in the heart.
Just like many records and DVDs now come with free digital downloads, books should do the same. I like having the physical copy of a book on my shelf and to read at home, but also find digital books extremely convenient for travel, work breaks, etc. Further, I'd be willing to pay MORE to get the physical book with the download, instead of just the download itself. Thoughts?Agreed. I don't know why amazon hasn't done this.Because the publishers would throw a shit fit. I wouldn't be surprised if Amazon has or is trying to negotiate such a thing, though.Well, one thing Amazon has done recently is to offer mp3's in their cloud player for CD that I bought from them in the past. That was a great move, I thought, but it really made me question why they won't (or when they will!) do this for books. I have a series that I bought entirely on Amazon, and I want to reread them, but I would really prefer to read them on the Kindle now.In the UK if you add a digital component it will get VAT added while physical books are VAT free. So that's A reason why Amazon.co.uk don't do it.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Virgin Megastore, to be precise. It's the massive one on the Champs Elysées which is closing down later this year for those of you who are interested. Built in the 30's.There are also huge stairs in the main hall of the store. You can definitely feel the history and the past of the building. I've heard a car company will occupy the place after virgin (VW ?).Was there in 1998 (during the World Cup). Never noticed this part of the store! Darn itIt's closing down?? Damn. I bought tons of music there as a teenager. I'd come inside, climb the massive stairs, and turn to the left to the "alternative" section. Once I bought my music and got outside I would pop one of my new cds into my discman and listen to it all the way home. I have a very strong memory of listening to Elliott Smith's self-titled album for the first time; I walked all the way home instead of taking the train so that I could really pay attention to it. And all that time I never noticed it used to be a bank. Ha.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Alright so I like lists that are in a printable format. I did the list here and at the end I went through and got most of the top level 'why isn't this one on there?' suggestions as well. -----------------   Above Top 50   -----------------   Ubik - Philip K. Dick Ender’s Game - Orson Scott Card The Lord of the Rings trilogy - J.R.R. Tolkien The Handmaid’s Tale - Margaret Atwood Dhalgren - Samuel R. Delany A Song of Ice and Fire - George R.R. Martin The Gormenghast series - Mervyn Peake The Moon Is a Harsh Mistress - Robert A. Heinlein Kindred - Octavia Butler The Left Hand of Darkness - Ursula K. Le Guin Nine Princes in Amber - Roger Zelazny Jonathan Strange & Mr. Norrell - Susanna Clarke Slaughterhouse-Five - Kurt Vonnegut The City & The City - China Miéville The Once and Future King - T.H. White The Mists of Avalon - Marion Zimmer Bradley Zone One - Colson Whitehead The Harry Potter series - J.K. Rowling The Time Quartet - Madeleine L’Engle The Chronicles of Narnia - C.S. Lewis His Dark Materials - Philip Pullman The Female Man - Joanna Russ Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea - Jules Verne Brown Girl in the Ring - Nalo Hopkinson Solaris - Stanislaw Lem The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy - Douglas Adams The Dune Chronicles - Frank Herbert Nineteen Eighty-Four - George Orwell Snow Crash - Neal Stephenson The Stars My Destination - Alfred Bester Neuromancer - William Gibson American Gods - Neil Gaiman The Foundation series - Isaac Asimov Discworld - Terry Pratchett Alice’s Adventures in Wonderland - Lewis Carroll Among Others - Jo Walton Brave New World - Aldous Huxley The Last Unicorn - Peter S. Beagle The Drowned World - J.G. Ballard Witch World - Andre Norton Something Wicked This Way Comes - Ray Bradbury The Time Machine - H.G. Wells Never Let Me Go - Kazuo Ishiguro Little - Big - John Crowley The Dragonriders of Pern series - Anne McCaffrey How to Live Safely in a Science Fictional Universe - Charles Yu The Enchanted Forest Chronicles - Patricia C. Wrede The Castle trilogy - Diana Wynne Jones The Giver - Lois Lowry
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Most people dont get my hobby... Who are these people? I don't like them, because this is awesome! You should post more pictures of your books.OP delivers. They're in chronological order so you can see the improvement over time. The descriptions might be a little wordy, because I'm a little overexcited about showing off to people who get it. You guys rock.I second this! Would love to see more of your books, OP. Handmade books are exciting!Most people lack the creative spirit, bro.I'm not too fond of people who don't get things like this. I always find that everyone has some unique quirk about them, some hobby or interest that makes them interesting. Whenever they talk about it I always find it interesting, and will always be interested.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Why does the medium matter? People are reading.No, no, no! It's not really reading books unless they read it exactly the same way I do!Yes! I love a real book but in reality I wouldn't go out and buy loads of them, I tend to travel and live abroad a lot so I don't have a bookcase or anything. Thanks to my kindle I can read books I wouldn't otherwise have (yes, there are libraries but when you are abroad the choice in English is limited). Once I have a house I will buy my faves and put them in a big bookcase :)Well... if one believes that ebooks will eclipse physical books, one could easily argue that the high initial costs to reading with ebooks (namely, the cost of the ebook reader itself) and the increase in the costs of manufacturing physical books through loss of economies of scale could have a crippling effect on access to books for low socioeconomic groups, which would reduce literacy and decrease social mobility.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.When I was a young kid back in the 70s we did this "book-a-thon" thing where you got people to pledge a certain amount of money towards some school trip for each book you read in the month. Well I was a complete bastard and even though I read the Lord of the Rings books in 4th grade I plowed through the school library's Herp Derp, Dick-and-Jane section with wild abandon. My teacher was appalled, I don't remember what my parents said, but the librarian thought it was hilarious and helped me pick more books to gouge the pledgers. I counted my little brother's books (The Monster At The End Of This Book!), I counted Atari 2600 game manuals, I counted Archie and Richie Rich comics, and the librarian gleefully signed off on it all.The Monster at the End of This Book is one of my favourites!!!I did one of those too! Except that I read regular books, while the kids who won (we were all in the same age group - around 9-10) did what you did and beat me by a landslide. It was a week-long contest and some of them read over 100 books while I managed maybe 15. So, yeah, I hated those kids, but I have to admit it's a good strategy.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.I have one of these, absolutely one of the best cases I've ever owned. People will often ask me if I'm reading the bible, then they get really freaked out when I show them I was just watching porn on my phoneHow much does the little wallet side actually hold? I'm sure the moment I get this case I'll be mugged and while I'm explaining I have no wallet or money, my book will ring.I had one too and they honestly aren't that great. The leather is really cheap and really regrade over time. (I did keep it in my pocket and used it a lot, I may have overused it, if so it isn't that durable...) Second of all, there is no camera hole so you have to take it out when you want to take a pictureIs there such thing as bible porn?
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Palahniuk gets some kids to read who otherwise might not be reading, and opens the door to Eastern philosophy that is rarely found in western culture. This is good. Though I personally feel I've "graduated" from him, I will always keep his books out in the open on my bookshelf and hold him in high regard. "The things you own end up owning you." EDIT: By "kids" I mean adolescents/teens/young adults, the age where one has to choose to want to read.I thought I remember hearing that Chuck was kind of a technophobe. (maybe not scared of tech, just doesn't like using it) I wonder if he'll have someone doing the AMA for him. I hope I never "graduate" from reading Chuck's books. I've actually re-read a couple and plan to re-read more.... (little obsessed)
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.This guy is a class act, a great author and I have a cool story about him to share. I read all his books while deployed to Iraq in 2006 while in the Marines. Because I had nothing better to do I wrote him a letter and 3 months later I get a package from NYC. I open it up and he has included something from every book (Like a rubber duck and other stuff I forgot). He also gave me a signed copy of Fight Club with an inscription saying "let the rocks work for you". Confused I kept digging in the box and found a jewelry box with a necklace in it he had made himself with "magic rocks" and it said to nick from chuck P on alternating beads between the rocks. I actually wore it while on patrol in Iraq and had several close calls but did not get shot the whole time. He also wrote me a long letter and said he would have sent me porn but heard it was illegal. What a cool dude!! Made my week and I still got all the stuff. Proof: http://imgur.com/RyDrZjACool story and I think you lucked out. I've read enough of his works to decide, I at would be very worried about receiving any porn from Chuck's collection.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.My favourite position is where my bum is right up against the base of my bedroom wall, and my legs are also up against the wall but pointing towards the ceiling. Edit: Just to clarify that in this position I use an e-reader where I have the e-reader up against my thighs and sometimes a pillow under my head to aid angle.This guy knows how to readI use a chair... a comfortable chair, mind you, but still a chair. Mostly because they're designed to be sat upon.It intrigues me to think that, prior to the invention of lightweight books, there would be no reason at all for someone to assume the sort of positions - and for such duration - as we're seeing in this comment and in this thread. And yet they've become so widespread and typical of the reading public that we all know what we're referring to here.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Many summers when I was young/stupid/broke/bored, my SO and I used to keep a container of Tide in the car... because Six Flags used to use blacklights for their re-entry stamps. We would smear it across the back of our hands, and whatever hand they were stamping it on that day, we would quickly show it under the lamp upon re-entry. The people manning the re-entry gates were young and bored like us. They didn't care what the stamp looked like, they just wanted to see something glowing on your hand.You ... made an account to share this?We used to do this to drink at a club in Memphis. they stamped with blacklight ink if you were over 21. We just took blacklight markers with us. A blurry approximation of the stamp, test it under the blacklight of the Disks of Tron game in the lobby... Yea, it was a while ago.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Speaking as a geneticist, I like this but have an alternative theory of my own. From a genetics perspective, I am not sure they ever really justify why a Trinucleotide repeat disorder is any more likely an answer than a simple deletion/insertion mutation on any other autosomal locus. A gain-of-function mutation as simple as a 1 BP (non-silent) substitution (which is lost in Squibs) is much more concise. If you want a fancy explanation for it's near-100% heritability, perhaps a good bet would be a (perhaps magically stabilised) extrachromosomal entity. This could carry the "wizard gene" and would have very high heritability (assuming only one copy is required). Indeed, using this kind of DNA for (usually somatic) gene therapy is an active area of research. What I like best about this explanation is that, if the "wizarding extrachromosomal entity" (WEE) is functional present as a single copy, then only one parent needs to have a single WEE for it to passed on most of the time. If it replicates itself then you can guarantee that nearly every gamete will have a copy. Then, regardless of whether the other parent has it or not the zygote (i.e eventual baby) will have it. Perhaps a dose-response ratio of the WEE explains differential wizarding strength as well as likelihood of heritability! If the WEE acts like a multicopy plasmid does (albeit with highly limited ability for self replication outside of meiosis - this would require some very fancy novel DNA replication architecture), then an increase in the number of WEEs would make you a stronger wizard (greater abundance of the gene product) and more likely to have strong wizarding offspring (and MUCH less likely to produce squibs). As with gene therapy presently, extrachromosomal entities are very unusual and are usually a hallmark of cancer or viral infection. The key point here being that it is possible to artificially introduce this DNA into someone, meaning that muggle-born wizards could be the product of a muggle parent who acquired a WEE (in their germline) through viral infection or other (perhaps even magical?) means. Of course for this to arise in the first place it must have been possible through some highly unlikely evolutionary event to produce an ancestral WEE naturally, so perhaps muggleborns are just a result of de novo WEE formation.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.I just had hideous images of my book getting stuck.It's like that Twilight Zone episode - you finally save up the money, the book gets stuck, your glasses fall off/break...You know that machine would get tipped.(page of the book against the glass on page 476): " after the last time, she was a bit more hesitant to take things as serious but could not detract her innate desire of wanting to find all she could about what had happened. Though her closest confidantes convinced her she was overly suspicious, she had to know for herself. Convinced of what she had to do, Mary let the phone ring and poured the first drink of the afternoon thinking only of what she reluctantly had to do. Afternoons on the pier were her secret pleasure. Not a hidden thing but who would care? Who would understand how walking barefoot over cedar boards calmed her to the point of near seduction? She preferred to keep these thoughts and feelings to herself. The phone buzzed again but somehow the wake of jet skiers racing over the lake was more entertaining to her attention and after five minutes of self-perpetuated ADD, Mary found herself in the place she wanted to be in her mind: Away from the contract, away from home and finally back in touch with the remnants of dreams she treasured so.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.While some of the more strange illustrations of Alice, I think his use of color was spectacular. If you can get a copy of the book, it will set you back several thousand dollars. I'd love to have one. I wonder if amy of those drawing are available as prints. I'd love to have some hanging on my walls. Talk about becoming lost in a painting. I could stare at those for hours!Some people have disassembled the book and sold the individual pages as prints.There is a Salvador Dali museum in Paris that has a bunch of these prints. Also a number of cool sculptures he did. It's small, but I quite enjoyed it.It would be amazing just to look through it, let alone purchase a copy... It's unfortunate that it could conceivably cost so much.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Is that not also your kids having just seen a film or played a video game?Yeah. Also if your kids have an imagination.Yeah that first kid has definitely been playing Bioshock.I used to nanny a kid who was obsessed with pretending to be Spore creatures.i can't find it now but i read a study that reading achieves a higher level of immersion. people who have read a lot of books are better able to "see the world through another persons eyes" so to speak. not to mention reading excites your visual imagination on a higher level. playing a game gives you a world, a character, a style and everything all laid out for you. no need to imagine a face, or what their armor looks like, or how they sound or the world they live in for yourself. books give you a chance to create that world for yourself, not to have it laid out for you.
This post has its roots in a post from r/booklists which linked to a blog post about the "Top 10 Top 100 Book Lists". This post linked to 10+ "Top 100" book lists from sources such as TIME magazine, Entertainment Weekly, Modern Library, etc. They were all in such different formats, and such different ways of being presented that I wanted to amalgamate all of these into one master "list" in order to compare them (thirteen lists in total since I also added in the first 100 of the Reddit's 200 favorite books). I have since thrown this into a pdf file on Scribd if anyone is interested. My next step was to compare each of these and see what books are most recommended in top lists. I omitted two lists (100 most influential books ever written and 100 Major works of creative nonfiction) since there was VERY LITTLE overlap between the other lists which were primarily fiction. I made one giant list that combined 11 "Top 100" Book Lists. The complete table, again available as a PDF on Scribd lists all the books I'm the left hand column and all the lists along the top. An 'X' denotes that the book was included in that list regardless of position. The books are sorted vertically by the number of lists in which the book is included. If you don't want to see the entire lists, a quick summary is shown below. The top 26 (those that were recommended by 6/11 lists or more are: Catch-22 by Joseph Heller - (10/11 Lists) Lolita by Vladimir Nabokov - (10/11 Lists) The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald - (10/11 Lists) Invisible Man by Ralph Ellison - (9/11 Lists) Slaughterhouse-5 by Kurt Vonnegut - (9/11 Lists) The Catcher in the Rye by J.D. Salinger - (9/11 Lists) The Sound and The Fury by William Faulkner - (9/11 Lists) 1984 by George Orwell - (8/11 Lists) Beloved by Toni Morrison - (8/11 Lists) The Grapes of Wrath by John Steinbeck - (8/11 Lists) To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee - (8/11 Lists) The Sun Also Rises by Ernest Hemingway - (7/11 Lists) An American Tragedy by Theodore Dreiser - (6/11 Lists) Atlas Shrugged by Ayn Rand - (6/11 Lists) Brave New World by Alduos Huxley - (6/11 Lists) Gone With the Wind by Margaret Mitchell - (6/11 Lists) Midnight’s Children by Salman Rushdie - (6/11 Lists) My Antonia by Willa Cather (1918) - (6/11 Lists) On the Road by Jack Kerouac - (6/11 Lists) The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn by Mark Twain - (6/11 Lists) The Heart is A Lonely Hunter by Carson Mccullers- (6/11 Lists) The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy by Douglas Adams - (6/11 Lists) The Tropic of Cancer by Henry Miller (1934) - (6/11 Lists) Their Eyes Were Watching God by Zora Neale Hurston - (6/11 Lists) To the Lighthouse by Virginia Woolf - (6/11 Lists) Ulysses by James Joyce - (6/11 Lists)I thought it would be interesting to line this up with Goodread's The Most Begun "Read but Unfinished" list. There isn't nearly as much overlap in the top ten as I anticipated, but the bulk of them are represented at some point in the expanded top 100. I'm not sure what I'm even getting at here....To be fair, not even Chaucer finished The Canterbury Tales Edit: Aw shucks, thanks for the gold!I laughed when I saw that Catch-22 was number 1 on this list, and I have it marked as currently reading...and have had it marked as such for about two years...(I will finish it, I swear!)Seriously? The Old Man and the Sea? What is it, 90 pages?
Blind date with a book The shelf was full when we got there, but was like this as we were leaving. The books are wrapped in paper and have different designs on them, and then a few words vaguely describing the subject matter of the book. Things like "Drama", "Plot Twists", "espionage", etc. The only thing exposed on the book is the barcode that you use to scan the book out. I thought it was a pretty cool idea.That's a fantastic idea. You should share it on /r/libraries They would love it over there.!!! I didn't know there was an r/libraries! Just subscribed. Thank you!Haha. Saw the title, thought that's where I was. Didn't even realize it was r/books until I saw this comment. This would be a neat idea to steal for a high school media center.Love this idea! For someone like myself, who consistently vacillates when trying to choose the next book, this would spice things up. Thanks for the share!My thoughts exactly. Even used bookstores can do this for cheap ones. It's a win-win really: you get a cheap book and could potentially discover an author or a genre you didn't consider before.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Wonderful find. They're great pieces of personal history; if you're into genealogy, you'll probably find written records of your family history - looks like a bit is on the presentation page. I too recently uncovered several family bibles dating from the 18th and 19th centuries. The beautification of older Bibles is really something to behold...If you're reading the Bible, you better be into genealogy.I gotta ask. How much do you think it's worth?Over the summer I found one of these bibles at my grandmother's church, it has pictures of people way back from the 1800's. I took some [shaky] pictures of it, I could post them maybe.I'm not sure how many people know this but the older the bible the more core information it has in it. Books that are about 2000 years old have the most information that you wont find in todays bible because you have to change a bible by 10% every time you put out a new one.
Catcher in the Rye, Brave New World, Catch 22, repeat ad nauseum. All great books, but we all knew that already. So here is my list of other must reads. None of them are all that obscure, but they're all really great books for one reason or another. I'm adding some stuff to the original list, like whether the book is a series and how many and stuff, just to clear up confusion Edit: 2:30pm OK I'm going to go back and edit this so it looks like less of a mess. A Town Like Alice- Nevil Shute (My favorite book ever. The one I would pick to save from a burning library) (wow I could not have spelled his name less correctly) Salt- Mark Kurlansky The Thief and The Queen of Attolia- Megan Whalen Turner Edit: seems like no one else has read this one. Seriously, one of the best books I have ever read. It's sort of an ancient Greek fantasy heist story espionage thriller. The Thief won a Newbery Honor but The Queen of Attolia is where is gets REALLY awesome. READ THEM. It's a series of currently 4 books, 5th is on the way The Third Policeman- Flan OBrien Revenge- Stephen Fry Band of Brothers- Stephen Ambrose All Creatures Great and Small- James Herriot The Twenty One Balloons- William Pene Dubois The Painted Veil- Somerset Maugham Stardust- Neil Gaiman The Princess Bride- William Goldman Cuchulain of Muirthemne- Lady Augusta Gregory translation The Penderwicks- Jeannie Birdsall (series of 3) The Piano Shop on the Left Bank- Thad Carhart Shopgirl- Steve Martin An Unsuitable Job for a Woman- PD James The Daughter of Time- Josephine Tey To Say Nothing of the Dog- Connie Willis Sabriel- Garth Nix (series of 3, 4th on the way) Dealing with Dragons- Patricia C Wrede (series of 4, another series just arrived, Thirteenth Child and Across the Barrier) The Hunt for Red October- Tom Clancy (give it a chance, it's really good!) The Squire's Tale- Gerald Morris (series of 8 or 9) OK has no one else heard of this guy? Do you want to laugh till you piss yourself? Ok then, go read Morris. Now, Voyager- Olive Higgins Prouty The Last September Asterix and Obelix- Goscinny et Underzo TinTin- Hergé Flashman's Lady- George MacDonald Frasier (series of many) Good Omens- Terry Pratchett and Neil Gaiman (the audiobook is also good) Swallows and Amazons- Arthur Ransome (series of many) Danny Champion of the World- Roald Dahl (did you know that there's a movie? With Jeremy Irons and his son, Sam Irons? SO CUTE) Tinker Tailor- John Le Carre The Devil's Dictionary- Ambrose Bierce (best bathroom book. I keep a copy in our WC for the amusement and edification of guests. Speaking of which, look up the definition of Guest) The Ordinary Princess- MM Kaye Catwings- Ursula le Guin (series of 4) Mr Revere and I (also Ben and Me and Captain Kid's Cat)- Robert Lawson Carry on Mr Bowditch- Jenny Latham Redwall- Brian Jaques (also the Redwall Cookbook if you're really looking for a giggle) (series of many many many) The Reluctant Dragon- Kenneth Graham (yes THAT Kenneth Graham, also look for the audiobook read by none other than Boris motherfucking Karloff. It will make your life better, I promise) Kenny and the Dragon- Tony Diterlizzi Basin and Range- John Mcphee Circles- James Burke (seriously awesome, go check it out NOW) (now that I think about it, this is one of the reddit-iest books ever, if redditism can be called a thing) The Right Stuff- Thomas Wolfe The Shadow Series- Orson Scott Card (ignore his personal politics, these are actually interesting and very good page turners) The Boat that Wouldn't Float- Farley Mowat Apollo 13- Jim Lovell Billy Budd- Herman Melville The Wolves of Willoughby Chase- Joan Aiken (also Nightbirds on Nantucket) Tomatoland- Estabrook Trickster's Choice- Tamora Peirce (depressed_realist reminded me of Peirce. All her books are good, but the Alanna series, the Wild Magic series are EXCELLENT and the best ones of all are Trickster's Choice and Trickster's Queen. But you kind of have to read Allana first, or they won't be as good) And Finally The Grey Seas Under by Farley Mowat, which I think is the best book ever written. And of course the sequel, The Serpent's Coil. Everything by the following authors: Terry Pratchett Dorothy L Sayers CS Forester PG Wodehouse Christopher Moore Bill Bryson (Especially In A Sunburnt Country) John Mortimer OK I added him! Mark Kurlansly!! Neil Gaiman James Burke Arthur Ransome John Le Carre Susan Cooper (She's most famous for The Dark is Rising but also check out The Boggart. And let's all just pretend that movie never happened.) Edit I'm off to work after a glorious two days off so I'll be collecting a whole new harvest of books. I'll post more tonight. See you in a few hours folks.Huh, I work in a bookstore and spend my day repeating the phrase "It looks like I dont have that in stock, but it is available to order... Would you like me to call you when we get it in? Or, I could have it shipped to your home for a lower price? Oh, you'll just get it off Amazon then? OK, have a nice day!" Followed by "The restroom? Its in the back left corner of the store."I know where you work. I work there too. :(I also work at a book store, and that about sums it up.Relevant
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.If anyone is curious, I checked out what the kanji mean and they literally translate to "reading pile".This is a really interesting word in Japanese because it's a play-on-words. At its core, "tsundoku" is the casual form of the verb 積んでおく (tsunde oku) which means "to pile up and leave it for a while". However, someone creatively came up with the idea that the "doku" part can be expressed with the kanji "読" ("to read", such as in the word "読書" dokusho, "reading") to create a new word that specifically means to buy some reading materials and pile it up somewhere for a while. Also, even though it's a noun, the "tsunde oku" root of the word can also make it a verb, regardless of what the J-E dictionary says. This one's in a bit of a gray area because it's a strange kind of pun. Source: I speak Japanese, and confirmed on a few Japanese etymology/language websites. Edit: According to a Japanese etymology site, this word has been around since the Meiji era (1868-1912)! Looks like there's a long history of people buying books and not reading them....
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Here's one thing you can do, run book drives. a few years ago I organized one for my town and I collected over 6000 books in just a few weeks. i then brought them to a local literacy organization whose mission is to get books into the homes of kids in need. Don't just complain, do something about it.I agree completely. A great way to get kids interested in reading is to read to them. My mother read a chapter a night of all sorts of great books when I was a child! (The Hobbit, A Wrinkle in Time, etc.)While it's great that you've offered a suggestion, it doesn't seem like Fillian (or OP) are merely complaining. They are soliciting for ideas - you offered one, which is great, but a comment like "Don't just complain, do something about it" seemed a little uncalled for.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Literary Jenga.You have to read anything that falls.This is the Derby Bookstore in Salem, MA. The owner sits behind the 'counter' and you have to pay through a foot wide chest-to-ceiling slot in the books. The store is tiny, but the entire thing is filled like this. Here's a GIS with a bunch of pictures. https://www.google.com/search?q=Derby+Square+Bookstore+salem+ma&hl=en&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ei=-bxJUYHDB-fC4AOzkIHIBA&ved=0CAoQ_AUoAQ&biw=1244&bih=783You never see him when you go in. The first thing you hear when you go through the door is, "Hey how's it going?" and all you see is books. I actually think the owner(s) are just physical extensions of the store, like a hivemind or fleshy avatars that do all the bidding. They always know where everything is at all times.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.You know, I never liked the concept of actual blind dates, but even with those the person setting you up generally has some reason to believe that the date will work out because they know both parties. Is there anything to indicate how the titles where selected?Really? You don't like the idea of meeting up with someone you don't know with no preconceptions on their person? I think it's awesome, you don't come with any expectations, and you can't possibly leave upset or disappointed. It's like getting your cake, and only eating it if it's totally awesome.What do you mean? I'm assuming the titles were selected rather randomly, then someone wrote out an explanation card and it's up to you to decide which one you want.Librarians know the books in every genre, that if you like the genre (written on the outside of the package), you will like the book. Worse case, you have already read the book, so maybe they also select the largely overlooked good books in a genre. Plenty of those to choose from. And as much as we would like to think that we have individualistic tastes, readers are pretty homogeneous and predictable, especially if you're dealing with books that have been out for a while, books whose popularity has already been measured. I mean... Harry Potter. What kid did not like that?
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.I've actually had some of my students say this to me. I find it funny when the publishing company prints the same books with a new cover; they think it's a new book.That's because your students sound like idiots.I work in a bookstore and sadly, I have to repeatedly convince people that the movie tie-in cover is the same book, just a different look to it. Or, better (worse?) yet, they think the new cover is a sequel to the "original" and just happened to be named the same. With the season 3 premiere of "Game of Thrones" we received redesigned copies of book 3. Multiple people were convinced it was book 6 or a "novelization of the third season" and thus, something new to read.That's when you answer "Fine, then here is a selection of books from 1889 that you can choose from instead."
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.If it's a really good book, i re-read the last chapter, because im not ready to let go of the character i just had an adventure with.One of the things I do is slow down when I know I'm reaching the end of the book I like. I'll do other things to make the time in that world last longer. I just finished the book Impulse by Steven Gould. It's 4th in a Series (but really third the 4th is a Movie Tie in with "Jumper") I really liked it but there will not be a sequel for years. So I started reading the previous books, going backward in time. Kind of fun. I rarely re-read books, but the first book in the series, Jumper, hit me so hard that I've re-read it a couple of times. It's SF about a boy who learns to Teleport himself. I got to talk to the Author last month at a book reading. He said that the teleportation was a metaphor for escaping and that really made sense to me. He deals with great themes of being an abused child, what happens when you can't depend on adults to protect you. Terrorism is also big in the book as is making moral decisions when you have a super power.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Alternate interpretation: Thomas Jefferson came back from the grave, broke into Borders, stole all of the books, and left a taunting message for police.I dance on Border's grave. As someone who worked at two different Border's stores, and who made it to inventory supervisor (middle/low management) I can say that without a doubt, Borders was one of the most poorly run companies that I've ever had the displeasure of working at. First of all, they sold their books, movies, CDs at higher prices than other places, and they did so using BINC, which is their own inventory/pricing system. Secondly, they seemed to hire absolute twits as managers. I know I'm making a generalization here, but I worked for 3 Borders managers, and met several more. The managers were barely aware of what jobs their employees actually did, or what they entailed. The district managers were even worse.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Which archives were these?I like to keep my online presence and my professional life completely separate, so I'll keep that my secret. I'm a colonial history professor, and I do some side work at an archive cataloging books.FWIW, there's one at the Harry Ransom Center in Austin, and another at Yale's Beinecke Library.Damn, if only I had known of reddit and this beautiful subreddit when I worked in a university library, I could've shown you a lot of books quite similar to this one. To this day I kick myself for not having taken more pictures. Most of the work I had to do was measure old books with a special device, putting together a database of those measurements and send it to a company which then made boxes for those books. In this time I worked trough about 4,000 books from 1460 to 1800, but mostly Incunables (printed between 1454 and 1500). It was great. The older the books were the more likely they were of theological kind of course, but some were among the greatest things I've ever seen, travel reports of the Caribbean or South East Asia and such.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.I wish more book adaptions were done in a mini-series type format like this. It's much easier to do it right when you don't have to cram all the content of a 500+ page book into a 2 hour movie.With the success of Game of Thrones, True Blood, and the rise of premium cable shows in general, I hope this trend continues. I think there are a lot of book series out there that would work great in this format. Dune comes to mind. Edit: Did not know about the SciFi network Dune miniseries. I'll have to check that out.mini-series type format like this 6 seasons? Yeah, that's a mini-series alright.They already own the rights to "Swamplandia!" and " A Visit From the Goon Squad" and Michael Chabon is writing a really interesting historical fantasy series called "Hobgoblin" so it appears HBO will keep up the trend of adaptation or hiring great novelists to write/create a series (personally I'd rather have an Amazing Adventures of Kavalier and Clay series, but I'm still excited for Chabon's project)
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.The recommendation from the book shop is dead on, regardless of your feelings about the book. The general Hollywood interpretation of Frankenstein's Monster is basically a zombie. The original character in the book is an intelligent being capable of reflecting on his existence and purpose, demonstrate emotion, and critically work out horrifying responses to his anger and pain. I found the book a very thought provoking study on the responsibilities a creator has to his creation and the consequences created when a creator abandon's those responsibilities... even if it is a bit wordy in getting the point across.I ready Shelly's Frankenstein for the first time this year. I was shocked at how thoughtful and eloquent the monster is in the book. It's 180 degrees different from the popular understanding (i.e. Hollywood version) of Frakenstein's monster."William, dear angel! this is thy funeral, this thy dirge!" and the entire seen surrounding this quote is one of the most powerful moments of literature I have ever experienced. Everything in that scene plays out like a panoramic in my mind. The other shocking thing about the book is that Shelley wrote it at age 19.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Some bands (or maybe it is the record labels that decide?) do this with vinyl. Buy the vinyl, get a free MP3 download. Works great for me as the consumer!The key difference is that it's much easier to make an MP3 from your physical copy. Making an eBook from the physical copy isn't hard, per se, but it is very time consuming, making consumers much less likely to go through the hassle of doing so.Vinyl usually is a good degree more expensive than CD or iTunes downloads though. Saying that I have a small collection myself with nothing to play them on because for ~£20 you are supporting the band (I will try to buy off the official stores or at gigs) and, most importantly for me you get some really beautiful artwork.Vinyl can be really good if done right. Sadly, it seems Vinyl is the new in-thing, making some records $20-$50 over the real cost. Unlike in the 60's, where it use to cost much less. Even with the extended factor of "Audiophile" really doesn't add to cost. HOWEVER, I bought expensive vinyls and they sound amazing, but I bought others and they sound like shit.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.I was supposed to go see him speak at Butler University in Indianapolis a week after he died. The city was proclaiming a holiday in his honor. His son Mark came and spoke for him. He read from the speech that KV had written for the occasion. It was moving and seemed as if he knew he was near the end. Mark almost broke down in several sections, especially the parts that talked about Mark himself. I don't remember a lot of lines from it, but the best was the opener. He wrote "My friends, I have good news and bad news. The bad news is that the aliens have come. The good news is that they eat homeless people and pee gasoline." When we laughed, it was like he was alive again in the room.Close on the quote. I found someone who transcribed it. "But seriously, my fellow Hoosiers, there’s good news and bad news tonight. This is the best of times and the worst of times. So what else is new? The bad news is that the Martians have landed in Manhattan and have checked in at the Waldorf Astoria. The good news is that they only eat homeless people of all colors, and they pee gasoline."
Always a lurker, Ive made an account just for this cuz I've seen miracles happen on this site. Yesterday I left a copy of "Welcome to the Monkey House" by Kurt Vonnegut in the seat pocket of an American Airlines plane. I was traveling from Dallas to Phoenix in seat 26B. This book is so special to me, as was my dad's from the 1960s. It's weathered and old and blue around the pages. Also special, I was using a Valentine my dad got in grade school as a book mark. I've called the lost and found at AA but they said it was long shot. I realize this is an even longer shot, but I figured I'd try. If anyone finds it, PM me. I will forever be your best friend. (Also, if there's a more appropriate sub reddit please let me know!)Speaking as a former flight attendant: After each flight the plane is cleaned either by contracted cleaners (usually at a hub like Dallas for American) or the crew (at outstations). They are primarily looking for trash, and often they don't catch things like books/magazines/e-readers after each flight, especially if they don't distort the seat pocket. So it's possible your book won't be found at your departure or arrival city. If I ever found something in a seat back pocket I would always turn it into the gate agent. If the passenger came back for it soon, the gate agent might have it at the podium, if not then it would probably be in the lost and found. However, I frequently found that some gate agents and flight attendants don't try very hard with books because they don't think the passengers care that much about them (because they infrequently come looking for them). Because of that, I'd often find a pile of left behind books and magazines on the plane that were kind of a communal library for the flight attendants and pilots to use. In case something like that has happened, you might try the following-- print up a sign/flyer explaining the situation (what you've lost, why it's important, and your contact info) and ask a ticket or gate agent if they can post the sign in the AA crew room, which is where flight attendants and pilots hang out between flights at an airport.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.If anyone's curious I made the donation. Also, if anyone's still curious, copies on Amazon are now going for $189. The book's web site: http://www.anakedsingularity.com/ What got me interested in the book: http://quarterlyconversation.com/a-naked-singularity-by-sergio-de-la-pava This might be my coolest experience as a reader.After you read it, you can sell it and come out $170 ahead. I think you just discovered the step before 4) profit.Now I want to read it too!copies on Amazon are now going for $189. Often the price is that. That's why you will see obscure books selling for ridiculous prices that increase over time. It seems to be a feedback loop bug in these systems, which are programmed to always set the price relative to the competitors... which also set theirs relative to their competitors.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Libraries are a large, government-funded buildings where people can just waltz in and take educational and entertainment materials for free. Even without copyright laws, this could never be implemented now. The concept would be deemed socialist and it would be villainized.Let's be clear that this is a problem endemic to the US and not many other countries. To wit, attempts to cut back public services in other countries are referred to as "austerity measures". In the US, they're referred to as "freedom from government intrusion!"Such a strange world we live in, when benefiting someone other than yourself is something to be ashamed of.I don't think the possibility of something like this should be brushed aside, it pays to be well aware of various corporate agendas. A couple of years ago the idea of something like SOPA passing was ridiculous and you would have been called a madman for making such a suggestion. Today that possibility exists.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Ok as much as I HATE stickers blocking stuff too, as a librarian it's often impossible to put a sticker/label/barcode somewhere without covering up something, especially when there is a designated location for said stickers. It sucks, but sometimes it has to be done.Former cataloguer here- inside of the back cover. Very rarely is anything printed there.I work in a library as well and barcode stickers are an unfortunate necessity. All of our stickers go in a specific corner of the item. This makes checking in and out so much more efficient than having to squeeze a sticker in wherever there's space and hunt for it each time. Small price to pay for free access to tens of thousands of books, imo. Doing things like this to books in bookstores is a different matter. I wouldn't want to pay for a book cover in stickers or worse... partly ripped off stickers.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.What put you on to it/how much did it cost to you to begin your foray into the hobby? Great work! I especially like the blue binding with the freehanded silver.Somebody put a simple photo tutorial on it here on reddit, and I googled it some more, and found a tutorial I liked and followed it. I have probably sunk 40 dollars into it now, with a number of supplies laying around the house that I didn't have to buy and still enough to make another 4 or so books. The most expensive, besides the snazzy rice paper, is the paper for the pages which is good cotton paper Ave is about 10 c a sheet.Have you used any sort of tutorials or anything that you could share? I've always wanted to try bookbinding, but never knew where to start. I especially love your water marbled bindings. Beautiful work =]I used http://www.jamiebutler.com/tutorials/bookbinding1.php for most of it, and for the headbanding
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.I never really got the appeal in outside reading. Tried it in different places, but the result was always similiar. Distractions. Noise, people, wind, bugs, unconfortable reading positions. I love reading during the night, when everything is quiet, sitting in a good chair and with a good reading light, or in the bed. Don't get me wrong, I love being outside, but I prefer to be with other people not books.It's difficult finding a nice spot, agreed - but I have this weird habit of moving from location to location while reading. Coffee shops in poor weather, parks in good.to me there is nothing better than outdoor reading. Especially reading in the sun.Best place I've ever done any reading (apart from home) was a bar, a really quiet and sombre place. It also helped that I was reading Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.I'm going to put my r/bookporn on r/books griping away for a moment to nod my head and say, "Fuck yeah, man. That is awesome." Fuck yeah, man. That is awesome. I'll bet those smell amazing.You don't even know.Alright, I get it. AllAn. My bad.Let's just say they may, depending on quality, be worth a pretty penny if this collection is in fact that same one. Complete Works of Edgar Allan Poe. 1902. Putnam, New York.That ABE link is to a G.P. Putnam and Sons edition, but the fifth pic shows Thomas Y. Crowell & Co as the publisher. Did some digging myself and . seems the best match, though it appears the set is actually complete in 17 volumes so there are a few missing. Individually they're selling for between $12 and $30, so the OP might be able to track down the ones he/she is missing.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Any idea why the term isn't used until the 6th edition? It's not like Darwin invented evolution—seriously. Darwin's achievement was to formulate a plausible explanation for the mechanism by which evolution is effected: namely, natural selection. Naturalists, by and large, did believe that there was such a thing as evolution, prior to Darwin; they just couldn't agree on what was the driving force behind it. P.S. Happy Birthday!Because the term then did not mean what it does now. Originally "evolution" just meant development, especially development that involves something unrolling or unfolding from a small package into a mature form. (It used to refer to unrolling of scrolls.) In science others had started used "evolution" a few decades earlier to refer to how species change their appearance over time, but that whole concept was still vague and the terminology for it was not fixed by Darwin's time. Also, in the previous century "evolution" had also been used for the homunuculus theory of embryological development (the theory that each sperm cell contains a fully formed microscopic human being) and so it carried a connotation of "developing toward perfection" or "toward a mature state" that Darwin really disliked. Anyway he preferred "descent with modification" and IIRC somewhere in there he also uses "transmutation," but eventually he had to bow to the prevailing winds.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Edit: Download links here if anyone wants to read it In 1924 an International Congress is held at Washington. Law passed prohibiting the use of aerial warships. Spain is first to violate the compact. The penalty is extermination from the face of the earth. Outstanding. Who needs Spain anyway? Edit again: Glancing through the full thing, this is my new favorite part: Washington. Mexico, Jan. 14. 1999. — The Transoceanic air-freighter Pontiac has been overdue at Vera Cruz for ten days. It is feared the ship has got snarled in the upper ether currents. As she has not been spoken by other air-ships it is probable she has drifted away from the influence of the earth's gravitation, and drawn into the orbit of some neighboring planet. It may land in Mars.He really hates Spain.Egads! These damnable ether currents will be the death of us yet!
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Though I missed your original post, I loved your article! Along with the spreadsheet, the fact that your father was on a first-name basis with the local librarians really shows how much a part of his daily life books were. I'm sorry that he passed so quickly after his diagnosis, and that he was unable to read in his last few weeks! P.S. It's awesome that HuffPost found you here! I'm very new to Reddit, and don't have much of an idea about how exactly it works, but it's only taken me a day to figure out just how influential and widely read it is.The Librarians actually sent a really nice condolences card to our family, calling him a member of the JV Brown Library Family. One of the librarians also saw the post on reddit and sent me a nice message. Since my Dad wasn't really a member of any group and he loved reading and the library, we're asking in his full obituary that all of the donations people wish to give in his name go the library. I know that they do a lot with all of the limited money they receive. :)Welcome to Reddit. You're doing it right!
Hello reddit, this post is about Carrie and her books. Carrie is the owner of Once Sold Tales, a book store 10 miles south of Seattle. Times have not been good to bookstores and Carrie is closing her store. She currently has about half a million books that she wants to find homes for. Because housing all these books is now costing more than she or her business can afford, Carrie is left with few options. If nothing is done, she will have to pulp all books left unsold. While there are many pounds of books, nobody wants that. I know reddit is (rightly so) critical of help requests. Money is not the goal of this post, rather, Carrie wants to get people reading again. If you live in the Seattle area and want to visit her warehouse, here is where you can find it: 22442 72nd Ave S, Kent, WA (Google maps link - http://goo.gl/maps/NQUYk ) Here is her website: http://www.oncesoldtales.com/ where you can order something to get shipped out. Here is a photo album: http://imgur.com/a/WnlQU Carrie will be operating her website and selling books at the warehouse (1$ for paperbacks, 2$ for hardback, or 1.50$/lb) until the end of May. If she can afford to go a bit longer, she will. She is going to be offering reddit a special deal if there is interest. I'd be lying if I said the idea wasn't mine. Details are still getting worked out but it looks like 10 dollars for 8 books or 18 for 16. Details forthcoming as well as how to actually make the order. (price includes all taxes and shipping for continental US, so the plan goes atm) (EDIT: Product being offered to reddit is a grab-bag, I don't believe titles can be chosen, most likely general categories. Please comment on what you would be looking for or what structure you think would work best) (EDIT2: More details for the grab bag are being requested. Specifically kids books. Since they are way lighter and the bag pricing is dictated by shipping costs (there is really little overhead sadly) a kids books selection would have way more books. No clue on specific. Stay tuned) (EDIT3 The reddit grab bag is not live yet. Purchases from the site are full price and there is not yet the opportunity to buy things super discounted online. Please, be patient, I am working with Carrie to get the electronic side of things figured out. I promise I won't leave people hanging) (EDIT4: I'm a moron. Thats pretty standard, but there is a Facebook page. www.facebook.com/OnceSoldTales ) (EDIT5: There are too many responses! Holy cow, and I thought I could reply to everyone :/. I need to get some rest, I have a job to get to in the morning, but I WILL be back and I WILL have more answers to more questions. This includes shipping internationally, options to donate money/books, and of course specifics for the reddit grab bag. Goodnight reddit, thanks for helping Carrie find a home for her books) FULL DISCLOSURE: I used to read books all the time and when I found out about what Carrie is going through, I wanted to help. I'm not getting paid and I'm not an employee. If you think my photos are a little too good, thank you! I am a hobbyist photographer and appreciate the compliment. If you think they suck, let me know why (might as well get better at it). Carrie is hard to get a hold of, but I will do my best to help answer questions, update the post with as much info as I can, and pass along anything you would like me to. The final act: http://www.reddit.com/r/books/comments/1fbjmh/500000_books_final_update_and_end_of_the_story/So you would be able to order 16 books for $18 online, any books, and that includes shipping? If so I will definitely be giving a good amount of books a new home.The plan is actually for a grab bag. I will edit that in but explain why. The system used for shelving books has no organization beyond <Books come in - Books get code - Books get shelved> Since the warehouse is now open to the public, things aren't getting reshelved properly (I know, it should be a crime) and pulling specific titles may not work. Give me some feedback, your suggestions can help influence what is offered since this is all still in the works.I agree and this would be really cool. I'm definitely interested, whatever the final deal may be.
I've just finished reading Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance. For anyone else who's read it, I am reminded now of the divide between "classical" minds, which appreciate underlying form, and "romantic" minds, which appreciate surface aesthetics. Both ways of thinking are legitimate, so possibly I'm wrong in posting this at all. But it seems intuitively the case to me that books are, pretty much by definition, about the underlying form of what's written in them, not so much the aesthetics. They could be printed on papyrus, electronic, free or ridiculously expensive, whatever, and it wouldn't be relevant to what is written in them.While we're on this, there seem to be a lot of people here who act as though reading is like weight-training. OH MAN I'M GONNA READ 30 BOOKS THIS MONTH LOOK AT MY LIST etc. You should be reading for enjoyment, or to learn, or for any other reason aside from "HEY MY EYES LOOKED AT A BUNCH OF WORDS, BEAT THAT".I read this whole post everybody. Every word of it!I was like this when I was younger, until one day I was looking at my 'read' shelf and couldn't remember a single thing about half the books I had supposedly read. Now, if it takes me a month to read a two hundred page book so be it.Hey, man, back off. I read 30 books a day, per hour.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.I love libraries as much as the next guy, but that analogy makes very little sense.Maybe if we had more libraries our analogies would make more sense!While the analogy is somewhat sensationalist I do agree with the intent. I work for a public library and our usage statistics are inverse to the economic health of the county. As things get worse we see increased usage across the board. From programs for children, to circulated materials, to computer and wireless usage, to reference questions, there are more people turning to the library. Most of our budget comes from property taxes which usually provides a steady and predictable amount of money. This time around we have a bit of a problem. Once someone stops paying their mortgage/gets foreclosed on there are no more property taxes paid until the house is sold. It has been an amazing struggle to provide for more people with much less money.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Where? How much? Congratulations on bringing down the big game.I read the books for the first time living in New York city in the big paperback format. Those copies are now living in Richmond with a dear friend. Several years later I wanted to go back through them and bought a set of first edition hardcovers. Then, one day a little over two years ago I was searching eBay for other hardcover copies of much loved books and chanced upon The Confusion. Won the auction for about $75 if I recall. The System of the World was last year, I think it was on Amazon through a small book store in the pacific northwest for around $90. Quicksilver is the hardest to find and almost always sells for near the list price of $200. I searched for it constantly. A perfect storm of a lucky google shopping search and a bonus from work secured me the last piece of the puzzle. It was little closer to list than I like to buy but the best discount I'd seen on Quicksilver since I started hunting them. I bit. They are mine now. I can't wait to read 'em.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.I thought he meant salitre, sodium and potassium salts whose crystals bloom out of the earth (saltpeter). It adds to the poetic tone, I think. Feel free to accept or not as you please. (wikipedia says: Sodium nitrate or the mineral Nitratine ... a component of fertilizers, explosives and solid rocket propellants; also a food preservative or Potassium nitrate, or the mineral Niter the critical oxidizing component of gun powder, and a food preservative)It's one and the same, Boeme used the word in a metaphorical sense - God as the fertilizer of the earth. The root is actually "salniter", which comes from "sal niter", (nitrous salt). Note also the connotations of gunpowder and urine, familiar if you've read Blood Meridian. http://books.google.ie/books?id=tBlGYuEh6CkC&pg=PA66&dq=salitter&hl=en&sa=X&ei=KLc2T8i1D8mEhQeu19iDAg&redir_esc=y#v=onepage&q=salitter&f=falseI have a tendency to read quickly and gloss over words that I don't recognize. Never stopping to look up the definition of a word, just relying on context to grasp the meaning. When I read The Road, I'm sure I did the exact same thing with "salitter" and assumed that it was just some type of liquid. I'm glad someone posted this link, because it really opened my eyes to the linguistic cleverness that I've surely missed out on.
My wife teaches a special program for kids deemed too "dangerous" to be on campus at a low-income title 1 high school. Her class consists of mostly freshman boys, and I thought Ender's Game would be a good book to get them interested in reading. Unfortunately her kids are pretty low on the pecking order so it's very hard to get school funds directed her way and she can't get a classroom set of books. If any of you have an old copy of Ender's Game (or any other books you can spare for that matter) laying around you can donate she would really appreciate it! Also, if you have any other suggestions of good books that might get this demographic interested in reading she'd love to hear them. Thanks! Please send any books to: PLUS Program El Cajon Valley High School 1035 E. Madison Ave. El Cajon, CA 92021 TLDR: Wife teaches the "Dangerous Minds" class at her high school and can use any old books you have laying around - especially :Ender's Game". EDIT: Her class is 20 kids (so I just need 20 copies) EDIT: Thanks for all the upboats! I think we may have enough Ender's Games - but any extras she gets will be donated to the school library and any other random books you send will be much appreciated (and hopefully well read ;) EDIT: Front page! Fact - Redditors are awesome. EDIT: I'm positive my wife (and all the local libraries) just got enough Ender's Games - however if you still would like to help these kids out there are a lot of fabulous suggestions for different books by other Redditors in the comments: The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian by Sherman Alexie, Monster by Walter Dean Myers, The Giver by Lois Lowry A big Thank You to all who commented and upvoted. My wife came home from work today where she had one of "her worst days ever" with fights, death threats, etc. and I showed her this post and she was moved to tears reading all your comments and seeing such generosity. So thanks again (you made me proud Reddit). w00t - the wife's a Redditor now - "iamtheteacherwife"Sending 4 used copies from Amazon.Thank you so much!!!screen name, irrelevant.Baby, you ain't bad news!Go to donorschoose.org. I got a class set of new books through that site within a few weeks of posting!Thanks! I just sent her that link.Great suggestion - thank you!!!
A book is made from a tree. It is an assemblage of flat, flexible parts (still called 'leaves') imprinted with dark pigmented squiggles. One glance at it and you hear the voice of another person - perhaps someone dead for thousands of years. Across the millennia, the author is speaking, clearly and silently, inside your head, directly to you. Writing is perhaps the greatest of human inventions, binding together people, citizens of distant epochs, who never knew one another. Books break the shackles of time, proof that humans can work magic. Cosmos by Carl Sagan.Thank you for not posting this as a picture of text with the guy Photoshopped against stars and the like.this is /r/books why would I post anything but text? :)Thankyou for not posting this as Carl Sagan sprawled across a floor covered in books, posing hasselhoff-style in a jeans and leather jacket. Wait that'd be awesome!What a great quote. Carl has (or had) a way with phrasing concepts that makes you feel grateful to be alive.There are far too few people out there who are eloquently and poetically expressing the scientific viewpoint. Sagan was one of those few, and because of that he has a special place in my heart.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.That's so thoughtful :)Lewis was so wise. I found The Screwtape Letters particularly affecting, full as it is of gems like this: If a man simply lets others pay for him, he is 'mean,' but if he boasts of it in a jocular manner and twits his fellows with having been scored off, he is no longer 'mean' but a comical fellow. Mere cowardice is shameful; cowardice boasted of with humorous exaggerations and grotesque gestures can be passed off as funny. Cruelty is shameful -- unless the cruel man can represent it as a practical joke. A thousand bawdy, or even blasphemous, jokes do not help towards a man's damnation so much as his discovery that almost anything he wants to do can be done, not only without the disapproval but with the admiration of his fellows, if only it can get itself treated as a Joke.I love his writing style. For some reason they fit so snug in my head.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.He's in good company r/Coolcoversthat is where this came from right? Am I missing something?For those of you who don't know, F. Scott Fitzgerald adored the original cover for The Great Gatsby. In fact, the cover wasn't even a part of the story, but Fitzgerald managed to weasel a way for it to be included. The cover of The Great Gatsby is among the most celebrated pieces of art in American literature. A little-known artist named Francis Cugat was commissioned to illustrate the book while Fitzgerald was in the midst of writing it. The cover was completed before the novel, with Fitzgerald so enamored of it that he told his publisher he had "written it into" the novel. Fitzgerald's remarks about incorporating the painting into the novel led to the interpretation that the eyes are reminiscent of those of Dr. T. J. Eckleburg (the novel's erstwhile optometrist on a faded commercial billboard near George Wilson's auto repair shop) which Fitzgerald described as "blue and gigantic — their retinas are one yard high. They look out of no face, but instead, from a pair of enormous yellow spectacles which pass over a non-existent nose." Although this passage has some resemblance to the painting, a closer explanation can be found in the description of Daisy Buchanan as the "girl whose disembodied face floated along the dark cornices and blinding signs".
I just finished reading the Hunger Games series and I can't stop sobbing. It's happened to me with other books, LOTR, Harry Potter, and others, but this just kills me. spoilers for the hunger games series below I don't know if that ending was supposed to be happy or something but it's left me a wreck. So much left unsaid, Gale going to 2 without a word. I don't understand what just happened. Part of it is how sad the ending was to me and the other part is the sadness that the series is over. I don't know why I feel such despair. It's 2am and I feel like the sun will never rise again. At least LOTR and HP had happy endings I guess. edit: Well it took like an hour and I'm thinking straight, but man that affected me.The Wheel of Time. I dedicated 12+ years of my life to this series. I don't think I've anticipated anything more than A Memory of Light, and like an idiot I burned through it in a couple of days. I couldn't stop myself. Then the sadness broke through like a post-mastubatory guilt. I still can't believe it's over. However, just like I did with the Dark Tower, I'll start the whole thing over again soon. Re-reading them knowing the ending may be even more fun. Plus, if the series is good, the journey vs the end yadda yadda... Edit: I am so happy to see so many fans of Randland! Thanks for all the comments. To anybody asking if they should read WoT, I can't answer that question. Everybody has their own experience with it. I have some friends that tried and couldn't get into it, and that is completely understandable. (Sacrilegious as it may be, I had this experience with Dune.) However, if you are a fan of strong character development and a rich, flushed out world that almost leaps off the pages, I would highly recommend it. Also, I rarely feel guilty after I masturbate. :) Edit 2: Shoutout to /u/karanj for mentioning r/WoT. Just in case anybody hasn't been there yet.
My favorite one is the WoT opening: "The Wheel of Time turns, and ages come and pass, leaving memories that become legend. Legends fade to myth, and even myth is long forgotten when the Age that gave it birth comes again. In one Age, called the third age by some, an Age yet to come, an age long pass, a wind rose in the Mountains of Mist. The wind was not the beginning. There are neither beginnings or endings to the turning of the Wheel of Time. But it was a beginning."Happy families are all alike; every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way. Leo Tolstoy, Anna KareninaOh...my favorite!!! EDIT: I see a lot of people asking about this book. I personally loved it but it is big and there are a TON of characters that appear and disappear. It is a lot to keep track of. True, it sometimes gets a bit tedious in its descriptions of local Russian politics, but there is a goldmine of goodness to be pilfered if you take the time to get through it."There was a boy called Eustace Clarence Scrubb, and he almost deserved it." C S Lewis, The Voyage of the Dawn Treader
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Well after reading this I just had to figure out what was going on - from the wikipedia page In the novel's commentary, Goldman writes that he added nothing to the "original" Morgenstern text, although he comments that he did write one original scene, a loving reunion between Buttercup and Westley, but claimed that his publisher objected to this addition.[5] He invited any reader who wanted to read the "Reunion Scene" to write to the publisher (formerly Harcourt Brace Jovanovich; now Random House) and request a copy. Many readers wrote in to the publisher and did receive a letter, but instead of an extra scene, the letter detailed the (obviously fictitious) legal problems that Goldman and his publishers encountered with the Morgenstern estate and its lawyer, Kermit Shog. This letter was revised and updated periodically; the 1987 revision mentioned the movie, while the 25th Anniversary Edition publishes the letter with an addendum about Kermit's lawyer granddaughter Carly. The 30th Anniversary Edition has a footnote at this point saying that you can now find the three pages of the reunion scene online. However, if one goes to the website detailed in the footnote, all they receive via email is the text of the three letters. I also thought the opening line from the Wikipedia page was interesting (bolding mine) -
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.From the morning I started reading The Road to that evening when I finished it, I knew I was experiencing art. Cheers, Cormac. You are a master.Most depressing book I've ever read. One of the best books I've ever read. I've re-read it again and again. I was so glad the movie with Viggo Mortensen did it justice.I would suggest checking out Blood Meridian if you would like to delve into some of McCarthy's other work. Blood Meridian is a challenging and dismal story of wanton destruction. When I finished it, my first thought was "wow, I need to read this again." Seriously, there's just so much crammed into that book, it will puzzle you for years!One of the very best books I've ever read. First time I read it I was snowed in my house sitting in front of a log fire all alone and it just seemed to fit perfectly with the book scenario. Loved every page of the book
He saw the trailer for the movie and really wants to see it. I figured he should read the book first so I gave it to him this evening and he couldn't put it down. It makes me so happy to see him getting to experience one of my childhood favorites for the first time. Edit: For everyone giving me a hard time for supporting a bigot (among other things) here is a quote frome Neil Gaiman: "If I were only allowed to read or enjoy art or listen to music made by people whose opinions and beliefs were the same as mine, I think the world would be a pretty dismal sort of a place." While I don't agree with the author, I can enjoy his work. You of course have the right to not support him. But please don't try to force your oppions on others. So please instead of negative comments try posting about sharing your love of books with someone you love. That is what my post is about after all. Edit 2: Thanks for the kind words from everyone! He's really enjoying it so far. Probably would have finished it already but he had to do homework first :)For all those interesting in picking up the book for the first time: DON'T WATCH THE TRAILERS. So many clips that the publicity team is releasing would be considered major spoilers in the original story.WARNING- my entire post is one long spoiler. I'm a bit late to the game, but hopefully maybe one person will see this, and I'll be able to change their mind about the movie being ruined by spoiling the ending... in the trailers... Sure, the clips do have spoilers, but someone who has not read the book will not know that. Also, if you haven't read the book more than once, I suggest you read it again. I don't mean that in a snippy, condescending way, but as a legitimate suggestion to read the book again. The main reason being that knowing the ending going into reading the book adds so much depth to the characters, particularly the adult characters, which absolutely changes the book, which is why it's such a classic, not only to children, but adults as well. [Spoiler](/s "Here are a few different examples of how the book changes with the amount of information about the ending known. The reader knows nothing.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Some people seem to believe that by owning a nook, I have burned all of my previous physical books and will never purchase a physical book again. And that I hate books.It's not an entirely false stereotype....for every book I've replaced with an e-copy, I've given away my paper copy.....sorry r/books.Wait, that isn't a requirement?! Now I feel silly for having had that massive book burning party after I received my Kindle. /sarcasmThis is so true. I feel like kicking a hole through the chests of these people. "It's not a book if you can't touch it." While I agree, feeling the pages in your hand is awesome, just because it is in eformat does not LESSEN it's value. Which is the idea, it's intellectual not MATERIAL.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.What is the Captain Underpants-esque book down there?Ook And Gluk! I noticed that too!! How is that, OP?Ook and Gluk were a present from my nephews. (They know I dig immature humor!)I know a lot of y'all are going to disagree with this; but this is the exact reason I love my tablet. I have so many books that I keep giving them away, then buying them again if I want to reread them (I'm on my fourth copy of hitch hikers guide). Now there's no more clutter, and everything is literally a tap away.Yep. When I moved after college my books were by far the biggest pain to get packed up and hauled around. Got a Kindle and now I actually read more than I used to because of the convenience, price and lack of need to store more books.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.What happens when it rains?They get wet. I think there are a couple of locations like this in Hay-On-Wye, but the one I remember contained many damp-swollen books. Hay-On-Wye is the British national centre of book resale, and they have an auction week there once a year. Alongside the auctioning of single volumes, they also sell many many boxes of assorted books, basically "10lbs assorted paperbacks", "15lbs assorted hardbacks", &c. They sell hundreds of lots like this. So the books you see left out like this are just the crap - sellers have bought books by the tonne (literally), shifted through them for the good stuff, and then leave these out for the tourists. Any book lover will find the town amazing - it has loads of book shops of all sizes, hugely in disproportion to its size. Hay is just a sleepy little market town in the middle of sheep-grazing country, and there are four-storey secondhand bookshops side-by-side, another on the next corner and the next.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.During the day it's a lovely and mellow spot to enjoy a pint and look through their amazing book collection. In the evening, it's a dressier sort of place with a great wine list and I seem to remember they were serving delicious cheese that night. We really enjoyed both facets of its personality the last time we were there..I'm pretty sure they don't have much of a wine list. Last time I was there, you had basically two wine options, three beer options, and a couple of cocktails (though I'm sure they'd make you what you wanted, within reason). Very small place, but really awesome and mellow. I certainly wouldn't call it dressier though. At least, not typically (last time I was there there was a giant shaggy dog hanging around).Sounds like a nice place.Ah, yeah, tucked right next to kells. Half the charm is that no one knows about it. No food, but if you get hungry, you can have pizza delivered. :)
So, people like to make lists; more importantly, they also like to criticize lists and fight over them. This is why lists are always the books one should read, or books that you must read before you die or the Top 50 Books of All Time. However, these lists are geared this way because it makes it easier to argue about a list, and to criticize it, not because it makes the list any more helpful. It's hard to argue with just a plain old helpful list. After all, there are many reasons (good or bad) to dispute whether Dickens deserves to be on the Top 50 All Time List (see my comment history), but it is nearly impossible to dispute a list that merely wants to be a list of books I have read that I think you all might enjoy if this is your sort of thing. This explains a lack of this kind of list: we can't fight over a list like this, and if we can't fight over something then why talk about it at all? However, this might be the most needed kind of list. After all, if I am looking for a good book I don't need a list of the best authors of all time. I already know who Shakespeare is, and I have already rejected him as a candidate for my next reading adventure. What I need is a list of books that are also good, but not typically very well known. This means that a list like this cannot, as a matter of first principals, be a list of the best. So, this list will have the dual advantage of being helpful, and will generate a less argumentative response. So, without any more rambling on my part, I give you: Sartorialconundrum's list of twelve books that might help you change the way you think about things. The idea behind this list is that each of them take a different view than the established ideology in their field, or they take on a myth that we have come to take for granted in our way of thinking, or they are stories that don't quite follow a traditional character arc. The books cover politics, history, science, economics, literature, and journalism. The Structure of Scientific Revolutions, by Thomas Khun. The Golden Bough, by Sir George James Frazier. The Assault, by Harry Mulisch The Skeptic, A Life of H.L. Mencken, by Terry Teachout. America's Great Depression, by Murray Rothbard. The Republic, by Plato. The God of Small Things, by Arundati Roy. Financial Reckoning Day, by Bill Bonner and Addison Wiggin. Selected Poems, by Ranier Maria Rilke. Lanark, by Alasdair Gray. Orlando, by Virginia Woolf. The Dangling Man, by Saul Bellow. Everything is this list is a little off. Some you might never have heard of (Lanark), others are lesser-known works by well known authors (Orlando). Others are monumental works, but in a field you might not be acquainted with (how many people in here are well-versed in Anglo-American Analytic philosophy?). One is a lesser known poet from Bohemian Paris that most people don't read because his contemporaries out-shined him (Rilke). One is a recent bestselling novel that I chose because the author looks at her heritage differently than any other author I have read (Roy). One novel treats tragedy differently than most would (The Assault), while another deals with ambiguity in modern life (The Dangling Man). If you are looking for something different, I recommend any of the above. Regards, Sartorial Conundrum. Edit: As one comment corrected me, I accidently wrote down the blog name instead of the book title. Financial Reckoning Day is a literary/historical approach to economics/investing, The Daily Reckoning is the blog that came of it. PS I am glad this got such a good response. I would like to see more of this collaboration. Arguing over what is in the canon is boring. Talking about books is not boring. Lastly, I promised an explanation for why I recommend all of these books, I.E., how they changed my mind. Right now it is late, I am tired, and I have a bottle of Dewars. I will leave the exegesis for tomorrow. Good Night!It would help if you explained how each of these changed your thinking.For example, here's something I wrote in response to another post: All these books, to one degree or another, taught me that I should be thinking for myself: Camille Paglia's Sex, Art, and American Culture and Vamps and Tramps showed me how to be passionately engaged with the arts. David Mamet's True and False and Three Uses of the Knife are written for actors/dramatists, but he's really writing short, pithy manuals for life. Robert McKee's Story is the best book of literary criticism I've ever read. Your English teacher may know a ton about theme, symbol, and metaphor, but he/she knows next to nothing about the craft and principles of storytelling. Nicholas Nassim Taleb's The Black Swan, a modern explication of skeptical empiricism, i.e. why we should distrust experts and even ourselves. Orwell's Essays taught me to distrust politicians and those seeking power.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.‘At a time when we have a childhood obesity epidemic this is clearly an inappropriate marketing strategy. I don't think this guy gets it. People are going to get Happy Meals for their kids regardless; how is them getting a book instead of a piece of useless plastic an evil corporate marketing scheme?People are going to get Happy Meals regardless, but this is still marketing. This whole thing McDonalds are doing in the UK (not sure if it's the same in the US) of tossing out the whole red/white plastic Ronald McDonald interior and replacing it with a more artsy-looking layout, moving their advertisements away from getting kids excited about the toys towards attempting to show how their food is now healthier and better quality than the fatty, unhealthy greasy stuff you'd associate with them, and now giving out books instead of Happy Meals, it's almost trying to reinvent themselves, cast off the image of the garish kid's fast food place and be seen as a very upmarket yet cheap place to eat. I'm not saying it's bad or good (and the book thing is awesome - I fucking loved Michael Morpugo when I was a kid), but what I am saying is that it an entire marketing drive to make people see McDonalds as a place to eat, with a really nice interior, with more upmarket food than just a greasy burger in a wrapper, a place that promotes healthy eating and reading amongst children. To make people stop seeing McDonalds as an unhealthy fast food restaurant, and start seeing it as a restaurant, one that it's healthy to visit often. And that's what he's worried about. Because at heart, it's still McDonalds.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Every single "must have" list I see contains at least 33% of books I haven't read, and a few I've never heard of. It's always nice to see what other people like. Huzzah for the inclusion of Where the Sidewalk ends, though it seems wrong to deprive a child of A Light in the Attic. I still know so many of those poems by heart. I got Oh The Places You'll Go as a graduation present. I think that's somewhat traditional, but it really was one of the most thoughtful gifts I've ever received.For my high school graduation my parents got me Oh, The Places You'll Go and wrote little notes on a bunch of the pages. It is a book I still treasure and look back at when I'm feeling worthless.On my half awake days I still recall, 'If you're not here, please raise your hand. I'll explain if you understand.'
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Bugger bugger fuck and bugger... :( He's such a lovely person and a brilliant writer. I just discovered him recently too. Fuck cancer...Thanks a lot for posting the text. I was going through the beginning stages of divorce a couple years ago and was despondent to almost everything. I had a copy of Steep Approach to Garbadale lying around that I'd gotten as one of my last presents from my ex and I read it for really no particular reason that I can think of. I'm not going to say that it completely turned things around or that it was what stopped me from jumping out the window (that was someone holding on to my leg), but the simple clear representation of humanity in that story made me feel connected to someone at a time when I would have otherwise felt completely alone. God bless you Ian Banks. You did the best that anyone could hope to do with your talent. You explained and you explained well. I'm going to miss you.
I see this a lot in young adult novels and I can understand the reasoning behind this theme - young adults learning to grow and learn more about themselves and realise that they are different than what they might appear, and/or perceive themselves as different from their peers.Makes perfect sense - as has been discussed ad infinitum across multiple threads in here in the past. For a start Amazon can set the price at which they sell Hardcovers, Paperbacks and Flipbooks - If Amazon want to sell a Hardcover at a loss, that's their decision to make. So for example the next J.K. Rowling book? The hardcover will likely be sold at a loss. That's not the case with eBooks. Amazon and other retailers are bound by what's known as the Agency Model. Basically they're merely third party retailers - the publisher dictates the minimum price at which the book can be sold. So if Rowlings publisher decides the eBook has to be sold at £/$19.99? That's the price Amazon are legally obligated to sell it, even if they discount the hardcover to £/$9.99 Blame the publishers - and depending on your own thoughts, Apple. Edit: Before the downvoting brigade arrive. It doesn't help that you didn't post the title of the book in question. Typically if you goto the Kindle Edition page you'll see the text "This Price Set by the Publisher" or something along those lines; thus answering your question.
I was really sad when I learned that Brian Jacques passed away a few years back. His books were the first full sized books I read as a child and I think it taught a lot of good life lessons. Its' really a great series for younger kids to read and it really bums me out he won't be writing any more, he was a real upstanding fellow and visited children's hospitals to read his books. Anyways, just leaving this post here to see if there are any other redwall fans and to suggest this series to anyone with kids, lots of lessons and morals to be learned and you can jump in on any of the books without needing to know what happened before. EDIT: The thread hit frontpage, glad to see so many fans of Redwall on reddit!I loved how he would describe the feasts they had. All the fruit tarts and tasty vittles, I had to have a snack when reading to ease the torture. Mattimeo was probably my favorite.Or how he would describe the wines and daiquiris and other drinks. Or the cheeses... oh man. I remember one scene where he perfectly described the method the hedgehogs used to create their cheeses. One of the cheese wheels they were rolling out for a feast in Red Wall had been carefully filled with slow roasted hazelnuts and mild spices. Apparently the aroma made many a fury nose poke up while it was being wheeled down the hall. Vittles, man.He makes George R.R. Martin look like an amateur.Fuck, half the time I'd never heard of the foods he was talking about and it still made me hungry. If I was reading around dinnertime and got to a feast section I'd stop and wait to read it at dinner
Man is hungry. He steal bread to feed family. Get home, find all family have gone Siberia! “More bread for me,” man think. But bread have worm. Man car break down near house of farmer. Take shelter in barn. Find farmer daughter in barn. Oh! Hot stuff! But TOO LATE! Is already rape by soldier. Latvian walk into bar with mule. Bartender say, “Why so long face?” Latvian say, “I was thinking of my daughter. She has been lie with soldier for potato feed baby. “ Three Latvian are brag about sons. “My son is soldier. He have rape as many women as want,” say first Latvian. “Zo?” second say, “My son is farmer. He have all potato he want!” Third Latvian wait long time, then say, “My son is die at birth. For him, struggle is over.” “Wow! You are win us,” say others. But all are feel sad. Q : What are one potato say other potato? A : Premise ridiculous. Who have two potato? Q : How many Latvian is take screw in light bulb? A : 25. One screw in, 24 ride bicycle generator for 1-hour shift. But time probably better spend search food. Q: What is happening if you cross Latvian and potato? A: This is cruel joke. please, no more.Two Latvian look at clouds. One see potato. Other see impossible dream. Is same cloud.Two Latvian look at clouds. Whole sky is clouds. Weather is bad. Latvian are cold.http://i.imgur.com/OgOyMlw.jpgIs joke from Latvia. I tell now. Joke: Latvian try to cross river. Has dog, potatoes, and dead son's body. Can only take two across river at one time. If he leave dog with potatoes or corpse, dog eat them. Is very sad. Also is not good boat.
Two Jewish guys are walking when one notices a sign on a Catholic church that says "Convert to Christianity, and we'll give you $100." The one says to the other, "should we do it??" The other says "NO!! Are you crazy?" The first guy replies "Hey, a hundred dollars is a hundred dollars... I'm gonna do it." So he walks in to the church, and little while later, he walks back out. The friend says "well, did you get the money?" He replies "Oh that's all you people think about, isn't it??"I'm Jewish, and here's my favorite Jewish joke: Two beggars are sitting on a sidewalk in Rome. One is wearing a large cross, and has a picture of the Virgin Mary. The other is wearing a kippah and tzitzit, and has a beard and side curls. The first is getting tons of money, but the second is hardly getting any. A priest comes to the second beggar, and says "you know, you'd probably get more money if you weren't so openly Jewish. People see the two of you, and choose to support their religion by giving to the Christian beggar." The first beggar turns to the second and says "Hey, look who's trying to teach the Goldstein brothers marketing" Here's another: A man walks into a coffee shop in 1930's Berlin and sees his Rabbi reading Der Sturmer. He's shocked, and says "Rabbi, why on earth are you reading Nazi propaganda?" He explains "you see, when I read the Jewish press, we're having our rights taken away, our stores boycotted and broken into, and our kids kicked out of school. But in der sturmer, we're in control of everything! It's great!"
There are 3 Spies that get captured. One spy is French, one is German and the other is Italian. Their captors come into the cell and grab the French spy and tie his hands behind a chair in the next room. They torture him for 2 hours before he answers all questions and gives up all of his secrets. The captors throw the French spy back into the cell and grab the German spy. They tie his hands behind the chair as well and torture him for 4 hours before he tells them what they want to know. They throw him back into the cell and grab the Italian spy. They tie his hands behind the chair and begin torturing. 4 hours go by and the spy isn't talking. Then 8 hours, then 16 and after 24 hours they give up and throw him back into the cell. The German and French spy are impressed and ask him how he managed to not talk. The Italian spy responds, " I wanted to!, but I couldn't move my hands!". EDIT: Glad everyone likes this joke. I want to give credit to a great friend of mine named Ron who told it to me.Watching Italy in the Euro games is like watching stereotypes in real time.https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&v=krtnt191Drg#t=17sUpvotes for you. And pizza.haha i could use that pizza right about nowUpvotes for Ron. All OP did was type it out. :)Reminds me of a joke I heard when I was in Italy: Two old Italian friends are walking and talking on a cold winter day. One of them is excitedly going on about his work, family, and life in general. The other friend just listens intently. This goes on for a while until the talkative one stops and says, "My friend! You haven't said a word since we left the house! Is everything okay?", to which the quiet one replies, "Oh, sorry, yes, I've just forgotten my gloves."
A lost dog strays into a jungle. A lion sees this from a distance and says with caution "this guy looks edible, never seen his kind before". So the lion starts rushing towards the dog with menace. The dog notices and starts to panic but as he's about to run he sees some bones next to him and gets an idea and says loudly "mmm...that was some good lion meat!". The lion abruptly stops and says " woah! This guy seems tougher then he looks, I better leave while I can". Over by the tree top, a monkey witnessed everything. Evidently, the monkey realizes the he can benefit from this situation by telling the lion and getting something in return. So the monkey proceeds to tell the lion what really happened and the lion says angrily "get on my back, we'll get him together". So they start rushing back to the dog. The dog sees them and realized what happened and starts to panic even more. He then gets another idea and shouts "where the hell is that monkey! I told him to bring me another lion an hour ago..."i wish animals could talk :(In case you have a genie and your wish comes true, my sheep is god damn liar, don't believe anything she says.I'm hungry. I'm hungry. I'm hungry. I'm hungry. I'm hungry. I'm hungry. I'm hungry. I'm hungry. I'm hungry. I'm hungry. Mmmm, food. I'm horny, I'm horny, I'm horny, I'm horny...Man, don't we all...Humans are animals. We talk!I'm glad animals can't talk or the secret of me rubbing my balls down with peanut butter and making my dog lick off every drop and finishing into my sister's sock might be announced to the whole world.
when a lizard walks up and says "Hey koala what are you doing?" The koala answers "Smoking a joint, come up and have some." The lizard climbs up and the two share the joint. After a while the lizard says his mouth is dry and excuses himself to a nearby river to have a drink. The lizard, so stoned, leans over too far and falls in. A crocodile swims out to rescue him. When they get onto dry land, the croc asks, "What's wrong with you, lizard?" The lizard tells him that he was smoking a joint with a koala, and he got too stoned and fell in while taking a drink. The croc has to see this for himself, so he asks the lizard to take him to the koala. When they get back to the tree, the croc looks up at the koala and says "Hey, you." The koala looks down and says "Shiiiit dude, how much water did you drink?"I have to rate this joke as my favorite of all time. Not because it is, but because it gave me a moment to cherish forever. I saw this joke on Reddit last year for the first time. A week or so later, I drove the 250 miles to visit with my little brother at his home. I told him the joke, as we always did, by saying, "Here's one I heard/read the other day". You see, my little brother (aged 55 years) had just bounced back from near death from stage four emphysema. We thought he was gone for sure, but he stunned us in his recovery. He was doing 'well', as best that his condition allowed, when I shared this joke with him. Never have I heard him laugh so hard. I thought he was gonna break rib. And even a few days before he died (July 22), he would look at me and say, "Dude...how much water did you drink?" and give me a smile as he 'giggled' in his diminished breathing capacity. Yeah. It's now the 'best' joke I know. Thanks, Reddit r/jokes. :-)He was clearly very important to you. It's awesome you guys had such a good connection to hold on to. Sorry for your loss my friend.
...are sharing a compartment on a train as it winds its way through the Alps. Every now and then the train passes through a tunnel, during which time the compartment is plunged into complete darkness. On one such occasion, a ringing slap is heard and as the train passes back into daylight, the Frenchman is rubbing his sore, red cheek. The brunette thinks 'I bet that dirty Frenchman fondled the blonde and she struck the pervert.' The blonde thinks 'I bet that filthy Frenchman was looking to grope me in the dark, mistook the dowdy brunette for me and she slapped the beast.' The Frenchman thinks 'I bet that perfidious Englishman touched up the blonde in the dark and she slapped me by mistake.' The Englishman thinks 'I can't wait for another tunnel so I can slap that French twat again.'I saw a video of an alternate form of this joke set in an eastern European country. Replace the Englishman for a low-level officer, the Frenchman for a general, the homely brunette for an elderly, glowering woman and the blond with the glowering woman's cute daughter.Reminds me of a similar scene in Eurotrip.This was on r/Canada with provinces and the Rocky mountainsTIL that Canada is not a communist country that blocks reddit.This same joke was on the front page of r/jokes a week or two ago, but with other nationalities... can't remember which ones...
... and he's wearing an expensive, expertly tailored black suit. The mortician asks the deceased's wife how she would like the body dressed, pointing out that the man does look good in the black suit he is already wearing. The widow, however, says that she always thought her husband looked his best in blue, and that she wants him in a blue suit. She gives the mortician a blank check and says, 'I don't care what it costs, but please have my husband in a blue suit for the viewing.' The woman returns the next day and to her delight, she finds her husband dressed in a gorgeous blue suit with a subtle chalk stripe; the suit fits him perfectly. She says to the mortician, 'Whatever this cost, I'm very satisfied.. You did an excellent job and I'm very grateful. How much did you spend?' To her astonishment, the mortician presents her with the blank check, 'There's no charge.' 'No, really, I must compensate you for the cost of that exquisite blue suit,' she says. 'Honestly, ma'am,' the mortician says, 'it cost nothing. You see, a deceased gentleman of about your husband's size was brought in shortly after you left yesterday, and he was wearing an attractive blue suit. I asked his wife if she minded him going to his grave wearing a black suit instead, and she said it made no difference as long as he looked nice.' 'So I just switched the heads.'I remember this one from the "Aaaahhhhhh" section in "Scary Stories To Tell In The Dark." This was one of my favorites.My favorite childhood books. I knew I recognized this story from somewhere! By the way - the illustrations in those books still haunt my dreams. I'll never forget the drawing of the "wolf girl". Just remembering that one creeps me out, for whatever reason it stands out as the most disturbing drawing in all of those books.This is a scary story? Does that make Faceoff a horror movie?How the hell was that story supposed to be scary?
A male patient is lying in bed in the hospital, wearing an oxygen mask over his mouth and nose. A young student nurse appears and gives him a partial sponge bath. "Nurse,"' he mumbles from behind the mask, "are my testicles black?" Embarrassed, the young nurse replies, "I don't know, Sir. I'm only here to wash your upper body and feet." He struggles to ask again, "Nurse, please check for me. Are my testicles black?" Concerned that he might elevate his blood pressure and heart rate from worrying about his testicles, she overcomes her embarrassment and pulls back the covers. She raises his gown, holds his manhood in one hand and his testicles in the other. She looks very closely and says, "There's nothing wrong with them, Sir. They look fine." The man slowly pulls off his oxygen mask, smiles at her, and says very slowly, "Thank you very much. That was wonderful. Now listen very, very closely: Are - my - test - results - back?"George W. Bush spoke at my school and told this joke, did a pretty good job with it too. Best part was, he said it was his dad.I've head W tell this joke before as well, saying it was his dad."I'm George Bush Sr. and I approve this message"True Story: Elderly female patient comes into the ER complaining of intermittent periods of dyspnea. The doctor holds a stethoscope to the patients chest and states "Big breath". The patient looks at the doctor smiling and says "They used to be".I think you mis-spelled "very old doctor joke".
She was a very good-looking woman and determined to keep the ranch, but knew very little about ranching, so she decided to place an ad in the newspaper for a ranch hand. Two cowboys applied for the job. One was gay and the other a drunk. She thought long and hard about it, and when no one else applied she decided to hire the gay guy, figuring it would be safer to have him around the house than the drunk. He proved to be a hard worker who put in long hours every day and knew a lot about ranching. For weeks, the two of them worked, and the ranch was doing very well. Then one day, the rancher's widow said to the hired hand, "You have done a really good job, and the ranch looks great. You should go into town and kick up your heels." The hired hand readily agreed and went into town one Saturday night. One o'clock came, however, and he didn't return. Two o'clock and no hired hand. Finally he returned a round two-thirty, and upon entering the room, he found the rancher's widow sitting by the fireplace with a glass of wine, waiting for him. She quietly called him over to her.. "Unbutton my blouse and take it off," she said. Trembling, he did as she directed. "Now take off my boots." He did as she asked, ever so slowly.. "Now take off my socks." He removed each gently and placed them neatly by her boots. "Now take off my skirt." He slowly unbuttoned it, constantly watching her eyes in the fire light. "Now take off my bra.." Again, with trembling hands, he did as he was told and dropped it to the floor. Then she looked at him and said, "If you ever wear my clothes into town again, you're fired."I've heard variations of this joke before, but the set up here was brilliant.it was published in playboy verbatim about 10 years ago. i remember it wellI think it's funnier in first person. "My wife came in the bedroom last night, and looked me in the eye and she said, 'Take off my skirt.'" Etc.My favorite variation of this that my wife hated. The entire day I couldn't stop thinking about how I wanted to go home and take off my wife's clothes. They are way too small for me and it was really uncomfortable.
She puts on her robe and goes downstairs to look for him. She finds him sitting at the kitchen table with a cup of hot cocoa in front of him. He appears to be in deep thought, just staring at the wall. She watches as he wipes away a tear from his eye. "What's the matter, dear?" she whispers as she steps into the room.... "Why are you down here at this time of night!?" The husband looks up from his drink, "It's the 20th Anniversary of the day we met." She can't believe he has remembered and starts to tear up. The husband continues, "Do you remember 20 years ago when we started dating? I was 18 and you were only 15," he said solemnly. Once again, the wife is touched to tears thinking that her husband is so caring and sensitive. "Yes, I do" she replies. The husband pauses....... The words were not coming easily. "Do you remember when your father caught us in the back seat of my car?" "Yes, I remember" said the wife, lowering herself into a chair beside him. The husband continued. "Do you remember when he shoved the shotgun in my face and said, Either you marry my daughter or I will make sure you spend the next 20 years in prison?" "I remember that, too" she replied softly... He sighed as he wiped another tear away from his cheek and said, "I would have gotten out today."As my friend often quotes about his dissolved marriage "If I'd killed her the first time I thought about it, I'd be out of prison by now."She puts on her robe and wizard hat...And stomps the ground and snorts like a Rhinocerus.Shit, i gotta write down your screennames...ah the memoriesI pop like 16 boners.
A guy comes up to him in the bar one day and says, "Are you the guy who charges $1000 a bullet?" "Yup." "What if you miss?" He looks at the man, deadly serious. "I don't miss..." "Okay, we'll I've got $2000 here. I just found out my wife is having an affair with my best friend. They're at the motel together right now." "Let's go," the assassin says. So they drive to a store across the street from the motel and climb up on the roof. The assassin takes out his rifle and attaches the scope. "They're in room 21. I want you to shoot her in the head, and I want you to blow his dick off." The assassin looks through his scope. He keeps staring for several minutes, not taking the shot. "Well? What are you waiting for!?" the husband asks. "Hold on two more minutes. I think I can save you $1000."That sounds like the nicest assassin I'd ever want to hire.$1000 is pretty cheap tooHe doesn't do it for the money, he does it for the job satisfaction.What a guy!You know... that would make for a really memorable movie scene.What actor do you think could pull it off ?
... was so depressed that she decided to end her life by throwing herself into the ocean. She went down to the docks and was about to leap into the frigid water when a handsome young sailor saw her tottering on the edge of the pier, crying. He took pity on her and said, "Look, you have so much to live for. I'm off to Europe in the morning, and if you like, I can stow you away on my ship. I'll take good care of you and bring you food every day." Moving closer, he slipped his arm around her shoulder and added, "I'll keep you happy, and you'll keep me happy." The girl nodded yes. After all, what did she have to lose? Perhaps a fresh start in Europe would give her life new meaning. That night, the sailor brought her aboard and hid her in a lifeboat. From then on, every night he brought her three sandwiches and a piece of fruit, and they made passionate love until dawn. Three weeks later, during a routine inspection, she was discovered by the captain. "What are you doing here?" the captain asked. "I have an arrangement with one of the sailors," she explained. "I get food and a trip to Europe, and he's screwing me." "He certainly is," the captain said. "This is the Staten Island Ferry."I'm willing to bet this could happen IRL.it did. i fucked a girl that i stowed in a ferry, AMAThe worst thing about this isn't that she was tricked into thinking she was going to Europe. It's that she was (albeit unknowingly) going to Staten Island every day. tl;dr fuck Staten Island.Staten Islander here, I agree. Fuck Staten Island.
And ends up standing in front of the pearly gates. Saint Peter looks at him for a second, flicks through his book, and finds his name. "So, you're a politician..." "Well, yes, is that a problem?" "Oh no, no problem. But we've recently adopted a new system for people in your line of work, and unfortunately you will have to spend a day in Hell. After that however, you're free to choose where you want to spend eternity!" "Wait, I have to spend a day in Hell??" says the politician. "Them's the rules" Says St Peter, clicks his fingers, and WOOMPH, the guy dissapears... And awakes, curled up with his hands over his eyes, knowing he's in Hell. Cautiously, he listens for the screams, sniffs the air for brimstone, and finds... Nothing. Just the smell of, is that fabric softener? And cut grass, this can't be right? "Open your eyes!" says a voice. "C'mon, wakey wakey, we've only got 24 hours!". Nervously, he uncovers his eyes, looks around, and sees he's in a hotel room. A nice one too. Wait, this is a penthouse suite... And there's a smiling man in a suit, holding a martini. "Who are you??" The politician asks. "Well, I'm Satan!" says the man, handing him the drink and helping him to his feet. "Welcome to Hell!" "Wait, this is Hell? But... Where's all the pain and suffering?" he asks. Satan throws him a wink. "Oh, we've been a bit mis-represented over the years, it's a long story. Anyway, this is your room! The minibar is of course free, as is the room service, there's extra towels next to the hot-tub, and if you need anything, just call reception. But enough of this! It's a beautiful day, and if you'd care to look outside..." Slightly stunned by the opulent surroundings, the man wanders over to the floor-to-ceiling windows through which the sun is glowing, looks far down, and sees a group of people cheering and waving at him from a golf course. "It's one of 5 pro-level courses on site, and there's another 6 just a few minutes drive out past the beach and harbour!" says Satan, answering his unasked question. So they head down in the lift, walk out through the glittering lobby where everyone waves and welcomes the man, as Satan signs autographs and cherrily talks shop with the laughing staff. And as he walks out, he sees the group on the golf course are made up of every one of his old friends, people he's admired for years but never met or worked with, and people whose work he's admired but died long before his career started. And out of the middle of this group walks his wife, with a massive smile and the body she had when she was 20, who throws her arms around him and plants a delicate kiss on his cheek. Everyone cheers and applauds, and as they slap him on the back and trade jokes, his worst enemy arrives, as a 2 foot tall goblin-esque caddy. He spends the day in the bright sunshine on the course, having the time of his life laughing at jokes and carrying important discussions, putting the world to rights with his friends while holding his delighted wife next to him as she gazes lovingly at him. Later, they return to the hotel for dinner and have an enormous meal, perfectly cooked, which descends into a food-fight when someone accidentally throws a bread roll at the next table (where Ghandi is having a game of truth-or-dare with Marylin Monroe). As everyone is falling about laughing and flinging breadsticks at each other, his wife whispers in his ear... And they return to their penthouse suite, and spend the rest of the night making love like they did on their honeymoon. After 6 hours of intense passion, the man falls deep into the 100% Egyptian cotton pillows, and falls into a deep and happy sleep... And is woken up by St Peter. "So, that was Hell. Wasn't what you were expecting, I bet?" "No sir!" says the man. "So then" says St Peter "you can make your choice. It's Hell, which you saw, or Heaven, which has choral singing, talking to God, white robes, and so on". "Well... I know this sounds strange, but on balance, I think I'd prefer Hell" says the politician. "Not a problem, we totally understand! Enjoy!" Says St Peter, and clicks his fingers again. The man wakes up in total darkness, the stench of ammonia filling the air and distant screams the only noise. As he adjusts, he can see the only light is from belches of flame far away, illuminating the ragged remains of people being tortured or burning in a sulphurous ocean. A sudden bolt of lightning reveals Satan next to him, wearing the same suit as before and grinning, holding a soldering iron in one hand and a coil of razor-wire in the other. "What's this??" He cries. "Where's the hotel?? Where's my wife??? Where's the minibar, the golf-courses, the pool, the restaurant, the free drinks and the sunshine???" "Ah", says Satan. "You see, yesterday, we were campaigning. But today, you voted..."To people complaining about the length of the joke: You can shorten it or lengthen it as much as you like. That big paragraph in the middle is really just a description of how perfect Hell seems. You could cut it down to "He goes to hell for a day and finds it's not so bad", but that wouldn't provide a whole lot of narrative. It's all about balance and how patient your audience is feeling.See, but the thing is there's the build-up, which makes the impact of the punchline that much better. Some would argue that there's too much, but I think that the joke had just the right amount of description.What I did, hahaOuch. Right in the irony.
A bus carrying only ugly people crashes into an oncoming truck, and everyone inside dies. They then get to meet their maker, and because of the grief they have experienced; He decides to grant them one wish each, before they enter Paradise. They're all lined up, and God asks the first one what the wish is. "I want to be gorgeous," and so God snaps His fingers, and it is done. The second one in line hears this and says "I want to be gorgeous too." Another snap of His fingers and the wish is granted. This goes on for a while but when God is halfway down the line, the last guy in line starts laughing. When there are only ten people left, this guy is rolling on the floor, laughing. Finally, God reaches this guy and asks him what his wish will be. The guy calms down and says: " Make 'em all ugly again."A bear and a squirrel were walking through the forest when the stumbled on a magic frog who said he would grant them both three wishes. The bear goes first. "I wish all the bears in the forest besides me were female" said the bear. "Then I'd get laid all the time." "It is so." Said the frog, and all the bears in the forest besides him were female. The squirrel goes next. "I wish for a motorcycle." He said. "It is so." replied the frog, and a motorcycles appeared. The bear went next with his second wish. "I wish all the bears in all the neighboring forests were female." "It is so" said the frog. Then the squirrel. "I wish for a helmet." The frog waved his hand and a helmet appeared for the squirrel. Then the bear had his last wish. "Okay, why not?" He says. "I wish all the bears in the world, besides me were female." "It is so." Said the frog, and he made it happen. He turned to the squirrel and asked "What is your third and final wish?" The squirrel shouted "I wish the bear was gay!" and he hopped on his motorcycle and drove off.I'm just glad the squirrel had the foresight to wish for a helmet. Safety first, kids!
... after talking to her for a bit, he asks her, "Alright. Enough talk. How much is it gonna cost me for a handjob?" "$50," She says. "$50 for a handjob? You've got to be kidding me!" He replies. "Come over here," She says. "See that car outside?" She points to the window. He looks out, and sees a brand new sports car. "Wow, that looks pretty expensive." He says. "I bought that purely off $50 handjobs." She replies. The man thinks to himself, "Hell, they must be pretty good." So he gives her $50, and sure enough, best one he's ever had. He goes back the next night and finds her again. After a few drinks he says, "Alright. That handjob last night was pretty good. How much for a blowjob?" "$500." She says. "$500? That's fucking ridiculous." The man replies. "Come here. See that house on the hill?" she says. So the man comes over, and looks out the window. Outside on the hill, he sees an immaculate mansion. Easily more than 20 rooms. "Wow, that looks extremely expensive." he says. "I bought that off of $500 blowjobs." she says. So following suit, the man gives her $500, and sure enough, it's the best blowjob of his entire life. On the third night, he returns once more. "Alright," He says. "No more playing around. How much is it gonna cost for some pussy?" She replies, "Hell, if I had a pussy I'd own this town!"Nice. I was not expecting that ending. Thank you for the chuckle OP.That's what you call a BROjobI know it with a different ending: After he receives an incredible blowjob he comes back once more. "That blowjob was the best I've ever had, no matter what it costs, I want some old fashioned intercourse tonight!" The escort gets up, drags the man to the window facing the harbor and points to the most ostentatious cruise ship the man had ever seen, almost a 1000 feet long and at least 200 feet high. "See that?" The man just nods in total astonishment. "If I had a vagina I'd probably own that."
After a while, the dad gets up to get a beer, and the ringmaster parades the elephants out. "Mommy, Mommy! What's that long pointy thing under the elephant's belly!?" the kid asks. The mom turns red and says, "Oh, that's nothing, dear." The dad comes back with his beer and sits down next to his boy. Then mom gets up and goes to the washroom. "Daddy, daddy! What's that long pointy thing under the elephant's belly!?" "That's the elephants penis." "But mom said it was nothing!" The dad takes a long swig of his beer, pats his boy on the head, and says, "Son, I've spoiled that woman..."A family is driving along the highway when all of a sudden someone throws a dildo out of their window. The dildo lands with a bang on the families windshield and everyone gets a big fright. With horror in their eyes the parents stare at each other and the father turns on the wipers, but it's too late and their son asks "Dad, what was that?" He thinks on his feet and answer "It was just a big insect, son", thinking that they would avoid an awkward conversation. The son, still puzzled answers "Damn... DID YOU SEE THE SIZE OF IT'S DICK!?"I heard that but it was daughter not a son. way funnier that way(Edit: "Little Johnny answers...")
Four friends, who hadn't seen each other in 30 years, reunited at a party. After several drinks, one of the men had to use the rest room. Those who remained talked about their kids. The first guy said, "My son is my pride and joy. He started working at a successful company at the bottom of the barrel. He studied Economics and Business Administration and soon began to climb the corporate ladder and now he's the president of the company. He became so rich that he gave his best friend a top of the line Mercedes for his birthday." The second guy said, "Darn, that's terrific! My son is also my pride and joy. He started working for a big airline, and then went to flight school to become a pilot. Eventually he became a partner in the company, where he owns the majority of its assets. He's so rich that he gave his best friend a brand new jet for his birthday." The third man said: "Well, that's terrific! My son studied in the best universities and became an engineer. Then he started his own construction company and is now a multimillionaire. He also gave away something very nice and expensive to his best friend for his birthday: A 30,000 square foot mansion." The three friends congratulated each other just as the fourth returned from the restroom and asked: "What are all the congratulations for?" One of the three said: "We were talking about the pride we feel for the successes of our sons. What about your son?" The fourth man replied: "My son is gay and makes a living dancing as a stripper at a nightclub." The three friends said: "What a shame...what a disappointment." The fourth man replied: "No, I'm not ashamed. He's my son and I love him. And he hasn't done too bad either. His birthday was two weeks ago, and he received a beautiful 30,000 square foot mansion, a brand new jet and a top of the line Mercedes from his three boyfriends!"Well that was unexpectedHaha... Too funny.Same here. O.oSorta reminds me of similar joke. Four Catholic men and a Catholic woman were having coffee. The first Catholic man tells his friends, "My son is a priest, when he walks into a room everyone calls him 'Father'." The second Catholic man chirps, "My son is a Bishop. When he walks into a room people call him 'Your Grace'." The third Catholic gent says, "My son is a Cardinal. When he enters a room everyone says 'Your Eminence'." The fourth Catholic man then says, "My son is the Pope. When he walks into a room people call him 'Your Holiness'."
The train was quite crowded, and the Marine walked the entire length looking for a seat. There seemed to be one next to a well-dressed middle-aged French woman, but when he got there he saw it was taken by the woman's poodle. The war-weary Marine asked, "Ma'am, may I have that seat?" The French woman sniffed and said to no one in particular, "Americans are so rude.. My little Fifi is using that seat.." The Marine walked the entire train again, but the only seat available was under that dog. "Please, Ma'am. May I sit down? I'm very tired." She snorted, "Not only are you Americans rude, you are also arrogant!" This time the Marine didn't say a word; he just picked up the little dog, tossed it out the train window and sat down. The woman shrieked, "Someone must defend my honor! Put this American in his place!" An English gentleman sitting nearby spoke up. "Sir, you Americans seem to have a penchant for doing the wrong thing. You hold the fork in the wrong hand. You drive your autos on the wrong side of the road. And now, sir, you seem to have thrown the wrong bitch out the window."Us and the Brits are always gonna be buddies! :) Edit: wow... All this fighting out of a heartfelt sentiment. :/Based on history America should be better friends with the French than the English.I'm a Brit who frequently has bad things to say about American society and politics, but every American I've known has been great. We may gibe, but you're mostly good people and we actually rather like you. Now the French, on the other hand...cough 4th of July was yesterday cough
A guy sees a sign in front of a house: "Talking Dog for Sale." He rings the bell and the owner tells him the dog is in the backyard. The guy goes into the backyard and sees a black mutt just sitting there. "You talk?" he asks. "Sure do." the dog replies. "So, what's your story?" The dog looks up and says, "Well, I discovered my gift of talking pretty young and I wanted to help the government, so I told the CIA about my gift, and in no time they had me jetting from country to country, sitting in rooms with spies and world leaders, because no one figured a dog would be eavesdropping. I was one of their most valuable spies eight years running." "The jetting around really tired me out, and I knew I wasn't getting any younger and I wanted to settle down. So I signed up for a job at the airport to do some undercover security work, mostly wandering near suspicious characters and listening in. I uncovered some incredible dealings there and was awarded a batch of medals." "Had a wife, a mess of puppies, and now I'm just retired." The guy is amazed. He goes back in and asks the owner what he wants for the dog. The owner says, "Ten dollars." The guy says, "This dog is amazing. Why on earth are you selling him so cheap?" "Cause he's a liar. He didn't do any of that shit!"I think this is one of those jokes that is all about the delivery.I must have read it with perfect timing because I lol'edYeah, and the mailman joke, too.I think Omid Djalili told it better.This is the best thing I've read all day! Had to explain to a coworker why I was laughing so hard. I'd better get back to work..Why? There is so much more reddit for you to enjoy. Come on, just read one more thing. It will be okay, I promise.
A very distinguished lady was on a plane arriving from Switzerland. She found herself seated next to a nice priest whom she asked: "Excuse me Father, could I ask a favour?" "Of course my child, What can I do for you?" "Here is the problem, I bought myself a new sophisticated hair remover gadget for which I paid an enormous sum of money. I have really gone over the declaration limits and I am worried that they will confiscate it at customs. Do you think you could hide it under your cassock?" "Of course I could, my child, but you must realize that I cannot lie." "You have such an honest face Father, I am sure they will not ask you any questions", and she gave him the "hair remover". The aircraft arrived at its destination. When the priest presented himself to customs he was asked, "Father, do you have anything to declare?" "From the top of my head to my sash, I have nothing to declare, my son", he replied. Finding this reply strange, the customs officer asked, "And from the sash down, what do you have?" The priest replied, "I have there a marvellous little instrument destined for use by women, but which has never been used." Breaking out in laughter, the customs officer said, "Go ahead Father. Next!"Reminds me of another joke: A priest and a rabbi are at a charity dinner together. Since the dinner consists of pork, the Rabbi is unable to eat. The priest, noticing the Rabbi isn't eating, turns to him and says "Say, Rabbi, this pork is delicious. Have you ever tried pork?" The Rabbi replies, "I must admit that yes, during my rebellious days in college I did". The priest continues, "wasn't it tasty? Isn't it hard knowing you'll never be able to eat it again?" The Rabbi thinks for a moment and asks, "have you ever had sex?" The priest says "Before I was a priest, when I was in college, I had sex with a very attractive woman at a party". The Rabbi replies, "wasn't it better than pork?"I usually tell the punchline as "Sure beats a ham sandwich, eh Padre? "a priest and a rabbi are walking down the street and they see a young boy on the road. the priest nudges the rabbi and says "hey, you wanna screw that little boy?" the rabbi replies "outta what?" badum sss!
and they all perish. They are in heaven trying to enter the pearly gates when St. Peter asks the first girl, " Tiffany, have you ever had any contact with a male organ? She giggles and shyly replies, "Well, I once touched the head of one with the tip of my finger." St. Peter says, " Okay, dip the tip of your finger in the Holy Water and pass through the gate." St. Peter asks the next girl the same question, "Jennifer, have you ever had any contact with a male organ?" The girl is a little reluctant but replies, "Well, once I fondled and stroked one." St. Peter says, " Okay, dip your whole hand in the Holy Water and pass through the gate." All of a sudden, there is a lot of commotion in the line of girls. One girl is pushing her way to the front of the line. When she reaches the front, St.Peter says, "Reeva, What seems to be the rush?" The girl replies, "If I’m going to have to gargle that Holy Water, I want to do it before Jessica sticks her ass in it.A train hits a bus filled with Catholic school girls... ...nun survived.A train hits a bus filled with Catholic school girls, and they all parish.Same joke I've heard many times only they typically use nuns, good joke though.Well, Catholic school girls are hotter than nuns.Whenever I hear that joke, it goes "A train hits a bus full of nuns and they all die. (pause) okay, stop laughing, the joke hasn't even started."So you're that guy
An old, blind cowboy wanders into an all-girl biker bar by mistake. He finds his way to a bar stool and orders a shot of Jack Daniels. After sitting there for a while, he yells to the bartender, 'Hey, you wanna hear a blonde joke?' The bar immediately falls absolutely silent. In a very deep, husky voice, the woman next to him says, 'Before you tell that joke, Cowboy, I think it is only fair, Given that you are blind, that you should know five things: The bartender is a blonde girl with a baseball bat. The bouncer is a blonde girl. I'm a 6-foot tall, 175-pound blonde woman with a black belt in karate. The woman sitting next to me is blonde and a professional weight lifter. The lady to your right is blonde and a professional wrestler. Now, think about it seriously, Cowboy. Do you still wanna tell that blonde joke?' The blind cowboy thinks for a second, shakes his head and mutters, 'No...not if I'm gonna have to explain it five timesSounds like that was his last rodeo(•_•) ( •_•)>⌐■-■ (⌐■_■) YEEEEEAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH!One of the best blonde jokes ever.Great stuff.
when he asked her "I must say, you run a real tight ship over here, would you mind telling me some of your secrets or advice?". The queen said "sure, its quite simple, I surround myself with smart people, for example, watch this". She then calls upon Tony Blair. "Tony, I have a simple question, if you mother has a child and your father has a child, and it's not your brother or sister, then who is it?" Tony Blair thinks for a moment and responds "Well it would be me" "Correct. Thank you very much Tony" says the queen. Bush says "Ahh, you know, that's real clever, I might have to try that on some of my cabinet members. Thank you very much" Bush is now back home in the U.S and calls Donald Rumsfeld to his office. "Donald, I have a question for you. If your mother has a child and your father has a child and it's not your brother or sister, who is it?" Donald thinks long and hard and says "You know George, I'm not sure, but I'll give you an answer by tomorrow" Bush agrees and lets Donald go. Donald then gathers up the cabinet and asks them the question. Nobody knows the answer, and after many failed attempts somone speaks up and says "I know! lets ask Colin Powell! He's a smart man, he should know". So they call up Colin Powell. They ask him, "Colin, we have an important question for you... if your mother has a child and your father has a child and it's not your brother or sister, who is it?" "You bunch of morons, it would be myself!" says Colin Powell. "Ahhh!! We get it now!" says the members of the cabinet. The next day Donald Rumsfeld approaches the president. "Sir, I believe I have the answer to that question you asked me the other day." says Donald. "Well ok, Donald, what is the answer?" "Colin Powell!" says Rumsfeld Bush looks at him for a second and gets up and yells "No you god damn idiot, it's Tony Blair!"First joke in a very long time with two punch lines.First punch line was very predictable, which made the second one awesome.Please, someone post some more double-punch line jokes.So DP?First time I actually laughed out loud from reading the jokes here. I'm keeping this for future use!three, the real joke was calling tony blair a smart person.
A married couple was in a terrible accident where the woman's face was severely burned. The doctor told the husband that they couldn't graft any skin from her body because she was too skinny. So the husband offered to donate some of his own skin. However, the only skin on his body that the doctor felt was suitable would have to come from his buttocks. The husband and wife agreed that they would tell no one about where the skin came from, and requested that the doctor also honor their secret. After all, this was a very delicate matter. After the surgery was completed, everyone was astounded at the woman's new beauty. She looked more beautiful than she ever had before! All her friends and relatives just went on and on about her youthful beauty! One day, she was alone with her husband, and she was overcome with emotion at his sacrifice. She said, "Dear, I just want to thank you for everything you did for me. There is no way I could ever repay you." "My darling," he replied, "think nothing of it. I get all the thanks I need every time I see your mother kiss you on the cheek."As someone who's shadowed a plastic surgeon, butt skin really is commonly used for replacing skin on the face.But...what about hair?Yeah I was pretty surprised that they acted like it was shameful.So does BOTOX become BUTTOCKS? I'll show myself out...Such an old man joke. Lolit has "dad" written all over it
[deleted]Haha nice, there is a nice wave of brilliant jokes recently.this joke is older than the internet. One of the first clever jokes I ever learned.as someone who has been sick for the last week with super clogged sinuses and blocked ears, i can relate. blocked ears are the worst thing ever.Never had blocked ears so I'll stick to my usual "I'll take broken arm over clogged sinuses any day"at least your farts don't smellThe way Gilbert Gottfried tells it: "A man goes to a doctor, as so many men do in these jokes. They always either go to a doctor or a farmhouse. They never seem to go to the movies or, or anything. It's either a doctor or a farmhouse. That's the world they live in. So a man goes to a doctor. He goes to a doctor and says 'Doctor I've got a really embarrassing problem. I just keep letting out these silent farts. And they- Oop, there goes one now. And they are really smelly and embarassing- Oop, I let off two in a row! I can't seem to hold them back, and they're just silent- Oop, there go two more now.' So he says 'Doctor, what's wrong with me?' And the doctor goes 'Well first off you're going deaf.'
A couple in their 80's were having problems remembering things, so they decided to the go the doctor for a checkup. The doctor tells them that they are physically okay, but they might want to start writing things down to help them remember. Later that night, while watching TV, the old man gets up from his chair. His wife asks, "Where are you going?" "To the kitchen for a drink," he replies. She asks, " Will you get me piece of cake?" The husband says, "Sure." She gently reminds him, "Don't you think you should write it down so you don't forget it?" He says, "No, I can certainly remember that!" Then the woman says, "Well, I'd like some strawberries on top. You'd better write it down because I know you'll forget it." The man replies, "I can remember that! You want some cake with strawberries." She adds, "I'd also like whipped cream on top. Now I'm certain you're gonna forget that, so you'd better write it down ok." Irritated, he says, "I don't need to write it down woman! I can remember that! Cake with strawberries! And whipped cream!" He then grumbles into the kitchen. After about 30 minutes the old man returns from the kitchen and hands his wife a plate of bacon and eggs. She stares at the plate for a moment and says, "Where's my toast?My parents loved this.That's because they were in it.So did my stoner friend.I'm in my 20s and I loved this, your parents have good taste.This was funny... but also quite sad.Bacon and eggs is never sad.
A married couple of 20 years were as normal as could be, bar one little quirk the husband had in the bedroom. He'd only have sex with the lights off. The wife assumed he merely had some shame in the penile department, but she loved him, so happily obliged. An added bonus was that it felt like he was actually reasonably well-equipped downstairs, so everything was good. However, 20 years of blind sex took its toll on her and their relationship. In the middle of one of their love-making sessions, the wife dived for the lamp and turned on the light. She saw her husband with his pants on and a dildo in hand. There was a brief moment of silence, then the wife sternly stated "You have some explaining to do." The husband looked her dead in the eye and said "I'll explain this when you explain the kids".She's the one that should have known something was wrong when little rubber penis-shaped kids were running around. Just sayin'.Ah poop I'm late to the party. But, relevant (NSFW) http://doctorvoluptua.com/go/23That was my first thought as well.There was actually a Jerry Springer episode that had a story very similar to this joke, where a woman didn't realize her boyfriend of many years was actually female.
A woman walks into a pet store and sees a handsome bright red parrot. She asks the cashier how much the parrot is. The cashier says, "I'll sell it, but I should warn you, it was donated by a brothel, so it might have picked up some colorful language." The woman says, "Oh, that's okay." She buys the parrot and takes it home. When she takes the towel off its cage, the parrot looks at her and says, "Awk. New madam. Hello madam." A few hours later, the woman's two teenage daughters come home from school. The parrot looks at them and says, "Awk. New girls. Hello girls." A couple hours after that, the woman's husband Phil comes home from work. The parrot looks at him and says, "Awk. Hi Phil."Good joke. One criticism to help make it better. No need to say the woman's husband Phil comes home Just say the woman's husband comes home. The audience will understand that his name is Phil. Still, great joke :)You're a master at nit picking, and you pull it off perfectly!Eh I'm not so sure. I feel as if it didn't mention that the husband's name was Phil the parrot could just be saying it only because it was a male walking in. Just me though. EDIT: Well, I guess the parrot does say "new" each time, so that kind of pads it.
... to have his head shaved. "What should I pay you?" the monk asks. "No price, for a holy man such as yourself," the barber replies. And what do you know, the next day the barber comes to open his shop, and finds on his doorstep a dozen gemstones. That day, a priest comes in to have his hair cut. "What shall I pay you, my son?" "No price, for a man of the cloth such as yourself." And what do you know, the next day the barber comes to open his shop, and finds on his doorstep a dozen roses. That day, Rabbi Finklestein comes in to get his payoss [sideburns] trimmed. "What do you want I should pay you?" "Nothing, for a man of God such as yourself." And the next morning, what do you know? The barber finds on his doorstep — a dozen rabbis!This one is a classic in our synagogue. There is no one who has better Jewish jokes than the jews...But are they real Jews or are they just in it for the jokes?Have you heard the one about when Rabinowitz was in the hospital? He was asked if anything was wrong. He said he couldn't kvetch. They asked him again every day, and he kept saying it. Finally one day he said yes. They asked what the matter was. "I can't kvetch!"I was going to ask before I opened this for a Jew to confirm that this is hilarious even to a Jew. It's kinda like white stereotypes where you can laugh at them because they are true but aren't offensive, no?I don't know, I bet Hilter had some knee-slappers. Have your groups ever exchanged them?
A little old lady answered a knock on the door one day, only to be confronted by a well-dressed young man carrying a vacuum cleaner. ‘Good morning,’ said the young man. ‘If I could take a couple of minutes of your time, I would like to demonstrate the very latest in high-powered vacuum cleaners . ‘ ‘Go away!’ said the old lady. ‘I’m broke and haven’t got any money!’ and she proceeded to close the door. Quick as a flash, the young man wedged his foot in the door and pushed it wide open. ‘Don’t be too hasty!’ he said. ‘Not until you have at least seen my demonstration.’ And with that, he emptied a bucket of horse manure onto her hallway carpet. ‘If this vacuum cleaner does not remove all traces of this horse manure from your carpet, Madam, I will personally eat the remainder.’ The old lady stepped back and said, ‘Well let me get you a fork, ’cause they cut off my electricity this morning.That's too cruel! Why not a spoon?I agree. I hate it when someone gives me a fork to eat horse shit.horse shit is not usually runny like cow shit. It has a lot of stringy grassy bits in it so a fork would actually work betterIt's dull you twit it will hurt more...wait wrong utensil. Yeah, why not a spoon?After his horrible meal, he went to another house, which was in fact a farm house. He checked the electricity was still on, and then knocked at the door. He went through his spiel again to the farmer's wife who had answered the door, but said "I no longer have anything to demonstrate with, but with this being a farm, perhaps you have some wheat or something?" The farmer's wife found a sack of wheat, and he took a handful of it and threw it on the ground. However, try as he might, the high-powered vacuum cleaner simply would not clean it up! He got a little frustrated, then looked at the wheat and noticed it was a little damp. He thought for a moment, and as he was thinking he noticed another sack that had been sitting by the radiator in the hallway. He asked the farmer's wife if he could try with that wheat instead.
the bartender asks the guy, "What's up bud? You look rough." "Well," says the man, "I just found out my dad is gay and he's left my mom for some pool boy." "Ouch," says the bartender, "here, these are on the house today." A few days later the same guy comes in and orders another five shots. "Oh no man, what happened this time?" The bartender asks. "Just found out my brother is gay, he's left his wife for a man he met at a gay bar last week." "I'm sorry man," the bartender says, "these are on the house." Just one week later the guy comes in again and orders ten shots. The bartender asks, "Man! Doesn't anyone in your family like women?" The guy responds, "Yeah...my wife."man orders five shots. Downs them. Bartender asks whats up? He says my first blowjob. bartender offers another shot. He says no thanks if five shots dont get the taste out of my mouth nothing will.This is the one I was expecting. An oldie but a goldie.there is a different version i heard (in my language): a father, his wife and his two kids, teenaged brother and sister are sitting at the table, having dinner. at one point, the daughter stands up and says: "mom, dad, im a lesbian." the dad freaks out and starts screaming at her furiously. his wife gets up and says: "leave her alone, i'm also gay". the father is out of his mind, so he screams: "well is there anybody in this bloody house that likes dick??!!" after spectating the fight silently, the son gets up and proudly states: "I do, dad".
Two rednecks decided that they weren't going anywhere in life and thought they should go to college to get ahead. The first goes in to see the counselor, who tells him to take Math, History, and Logic. "What's Logic?" the first redneck asks. The professor answers by saying, "Let me give you an example." "Do you own a weedeater?" "I sure do." "Then I can assume, using logic, that you have a yard," replied the professor. "That's real good!" says the redneck. The professor continues, "Logic will also tell me that since you have a yard, you also own a house." Impressed, the redneck says, "Amazin!" "And since you own a house, logic dictates that you have a wife." "That's Betty Mae! This is incredible!" The redneck is obviously catching on. "Finally, since you have a wife, logically I can assume that you are heterosexual," said the professor. "You're absolutely right! Why that's the most fascinatin' thing I ever heard! I can't wait to take that logic class!!" The redneck, proud of the new world opening up to him, walks back into the hallway, where his friend is still waiting. "So what classes are ya takin'?" asks the friend. "Math, History, and Logic!" replies the first redneck. "What in tarnation is logic???" asked his friend. "Let me give you an example. Do ya own a weedeater?" asked the first redneck. "No," his friend replied. "Fag."When did the counselor become a professor?It took a long time to explain the logic course to the first redneck, and the counselor received his promotion during the explanation.About 3:20 p.m. est.When you're dealing with rednecks I would assume.I'm guessing it was a mistake, but there is the off chance that the counselor is also a professor. I know they aren't the same, but advisor's are usually professors in the department you are majoring in. And since the counselor here is playing the role of an advisor, that may have been where professor came in.Pfft, don't you know anything about logic.
A priest hooks a huge fish. Helping him reel it in, a sailor says, "Whoa, look at the size of that fucker!" "Hey, mind your language!" says the priest. Embarrassed, the sailor thinks quickly and blurts out, "Sorry father, but that's what this fish is called - it's a Fucker fish." Accepting the explanation, the priest forgives the sailor and takes the fish back to church. "Look at this huge fucker," says the priest, spotting the bishop. "Language, please! This is God's house," replies the bishop. "No, no - that's what this fish is called," says the priest. "Oh," says the bishop, scratching his chin. "I could clean that fucker and we could have it for dinner". So the bishop takes the fish, cleans it, and brings it to the mother superior. "Could you cook this fucker for dinner tonight?" he asks her. "My, what language!" she exclaims, clearly shocked. "No, sister that's what the fish is called - a fucker," says the bishop. Satisfied with the explanation, the mother superior says, "Wonderful, I'll cook that fucker tonight - the Pope is coming for dinner!" The fish tastes just great and the Pope asks where they got it. "Well, I caught the fucker!" says the priest. "And I cleaned the fucker!" says the bishop. "And I cooked the fucker!" says the mother superior. The Pope stares at them for a minute with a steely gaze, leans back on his chair, takes off his cap, puts his feet up on the table, pours himself a whiskey and says, "You know what? You cunts are alright". Edit: Changed it to Graphiite's formatting, thank you! And yes, I've got this joke off 4chan... :DI heard this joke from a friend about 15 years ago. So many memories getting back to me. Thanks for the laugh.That's fucking hilariousWell the humour of this fucker is humungous.Best way to tell your wife you're going fishing, "hey honey, just gonna go out and get a fuck."A priest hooks a huge fish. Helping him reel it in, a sailor says, "Whoa, look at the size of that fucker!" "Hey, mind your language!" says the priest. Embarrassed, the sailor thinks quickly and blurts out, "Sorry father, but that's what this fish is called - it's a Fucker fish." Accepting the explanation, the priest forgives the sailor and takes the fish back to church.
A man dies and goes to hell. He finds that there is a different hell for each country. He decides he'll pick the least painful to spend his eternity. He goes to Germany Hell and asks, 'What do they do here?' ... He is told 'first they put you in an electric chair for an hour. Then they lay you on a bed of nails for another hour. Then the German devil comes in and whips you for the rest of the day'. The man does not like the sound of that at all so he moves on. He checks out the USA Hell as well as the Russia Hell and many more. He discovers that they are all similar to the German hell. Then he comes to the BOTSWANA Hell and finds that there is a long line of people waiting to get in. Amazed, he asks, 'What do they do here?' He is told 'first they put you in an electric chair for an hour. Then they lay you on a bed of nails for another hour. The BOTSWANA devil comes in and whips you for the rest of the day. 'But, that is exactly the same as all the other hells why are there so many people waiting to get in?' asks the man. Because there is never any electricity, so the electric chair does not work. The nails were paid for but never supplied, so the bed is comfortable to sleep on. And the BOTSWANA devil used to be a civil servant, so he comes in; signs his time sheet and goes back home for private business.'Africa is the new promised land of OC.Shh, China might hear you!That was a good joke.An original joke!!!!Woah, you're telling me this gem was never posted here before? I was told this joke eight years back! It was gold then, and it's gold now.Could work for Greece.
A father passing by his son's bedroom was astonished to see that his bed was nicely made and everything was picked up. Then he saw an Envelope, propped up prominently on the pillow that was addressed to 'Dad.' With the worst premonition he opened the envelope with trembling hands and read the letter. Dear Dad: It is with great regret and sorrow that I'm writing you. I had to elope with my new girlfriend because I wanted to avoid a scene with Mom and you. I have been finding real passion with Stacy and she is so nice. But I knew you would not approve of her because of all her piercing, tattoos, tight motorcycle clothes and the fact that she is much older than I am. But it's not only the passion...Dad she's pregnant. Stacy said that we will be very happy. She owns a trailer in the woods and has a stack of firewood for the whole winter. We share a dream of having many more children. Stacy has opened my eyes to the fact that marijuana doesn't really hurt anyone. We'll be growing it for ourselves and trading it with the other people that live nearby for cocaine and ecstasy. In the meantime we will pray that science will find a cure for AIDS so Stacy can get better. She deserves it. Don't worry Dad. I'm 15 and I know how to take care of myself. Someday I'm sure that we will be back to visit so that you can get to know your grandchildren. Love, Your Son John PS. Dad, none of the above is true. I'm over at Tommy's house. I Just wanted to remind you that there are worse things in life than a Report card That's in my center desk drawer. I love you. Call me when it's safe to come homeAlso, there's the teenaged daughter: "Dad, I'm pregnant." Then after they've freaked out for a while. "Just kidding, I crashed the car."Ive done this.Plot Twist: Dad calls his son after sometime, "Its safe to come home, son. Just wanted to let you know that I was so angry after I read the first half of the letter that I destroyed your Xbox and your computer while reading the second half before eventually reaching the PS section"And then when he gets home, the doormat is replaced with the one that says 'just kidding'.
A woman was in a coma being cared for by the Intensive Care nursing staff who noticed a little reaction on the vital -signs monitor as they washed between her legs during a sponge bath. They tried it again and sure enough there was definite movement on the monitor. As soon as they realised what had happened they went straight to her husband and told him: This may not work, but, maybe some oral sex could bring your wife out of the coma. The husband remained skeptical, but he finally let himself be convinced. The nurses took him to his wife’s room and explained that they would leave them alone so they could have more privacy, but would be checking her vitals in the other room for any reaction. After a few minutes the monitor’s alarm goes off and she flatlines –no pulse, no heartbeat, nothing! The nurses run into the room desperate to help the woman and see what went wrong, asking the husband, what happened?!? He replied: I don’t know… I think she choked…Good joke, Kyle.This scared me...explain the joke i know this is 5months late lolI know I'm overthinking it, but this joke just made me sad.I'm glad you all liked it, I thought it was too good not to shareThe jerk store called, they're running out of you!
Three professors (a physicist, a chemist, and a statistician) are called in to see their dean. Just as they arrive the dean is called out of his office, leaving the three professors there. The professors see with alarm that there is a fire in the wastebasket. The physicist says, "I know what to do! We must cool down the materials until their temperature is lower than the ignition temperature and then the fire will go out." The chemist says, "No! No! I know what to do! We must cut off the supply of oxygen so that the fire will go out due to lack of one of the reactants." While the physicist and chemist debate what course to take, they both are alarmed to see the statistician running around the room starting other fires. They both scream, "What are you doing?" To which the statistician replies, "Trying to get an adequate sample size. EDIT: this was a joke my stats prof told our classThis is definitely one of the top 10 statistician jokes I have ever seen. Funny 90% of the time, 19 times out of 20.How likely is it to be funny for the last 1 of 20?with a confidence interval of 50% and 90%, this joke is funny every time.60% of the time it's funny every timeYeah, but the humor matches a poisson distrubution each time I hear it.Stupid question more than likely, but saying 90, and referencing 95 was intentional right?
There was a scientist working away in obscurity for years with peculiar experiments on spiders. After years and years he placed an advertisement in several academic journals to let the community know he and was to host a live show to demonstrate his findings. At the event hundreds were there more out of curiosity than anything as the details of the findings were kept secret. The man himself wandered on stage and silenced the murmurs. 'Today I will demonstrate two things. The first being that spiders can understand and respond to basic commands.' The crowd laughed and jeered but undeterred he opened a box on his desk and a spider crawled out. 'Spider, walk left' The spider moved to its left. The crowd was silenced. 'Spider, move right.' The spider moved right. The crowd gasped. Forward, backward, the spider responded again and again. The crowd applauded in awe. The scientist then removed all of the spider's legs. The crowd, confused by this, watched in silence. 'Move left' The spider didn't move. 'Move right' Nothing. Forward, backward, no response. 'This is to demonstrate my second finding. Once you remove a spider's legs, it goes deaf.'The REAL joke is that spiders DO hear with their legs. The Trichobothria are fine hairs found on the legs of a spider that they hear with. google it.They can actually sense sound waves through the hairs on their legs. I googled it because someone asked. I'll admit it caught me by surprise.Same with grasshoppers (in that their ears are on the legs); I thought that was the real joke here too EDIT: I accidentally a letter.
A man doing market research knocked on a door and was greeted by a young woman with three small children running around at her feet. He says, "I'm doing research for Vaseline. Have you ever used the product?" She says, "Yes. My husband and I use it all the time." "And if you don't mind me asking, what do you use it for?" "We use it for sex." The researcher was a little taken back. "Usually people lie to me and say that they use it on a child's bicycle chain or to help with a gate hinge. But, in fact, I know that most people do use it for sex. I admire you for your honesty. Since you've been frank so far, can you tell me exactly how you use it for sex? The woman says, "I don't mind telling you at all, my husband and I put it on the bedroom door knob and it keeps the kids out."for a joke about sex, that was surprisingly PG, well doneEverything R is still there and yet SFW. OP, you have my upvote.Brandon?Pro-Tip: Do not use vaseline for sex.Not with a condom anyway.Why? Never thought about it til just now, but I assume you've experienced? Saliva works too well and is too easy....
It's their wedding night and a redneck couple are getting ready to have sex for the first time. As the bride is getting ready in the bathroom she tells her husband Bobby Joe to take it "easy on her, on accounts that she is a virgin and all". "BAM!!" as she hears the door on the trailer slam then watches as Bobby Joe speeds off in the truck.. Bobby Joe is completely distraught and decides to head on over to his pa's house. He bangs on the door and his pa sees that he is upset "What's wrong boy?". Bobby Joe tells his pa, "Me and Mindy Lou was getting ready to have sex when she done told me she was a dang virgin!". Pa breathes a sigh of relief and puts his arm around his son and says "Boy, if she wasn't good enough for her own family, she aint good enough for ours".i was expecting an incest punchline and i wasnt let downYour comment helped me understand the joke. Thank you.My name is Bobbi Jo. I'm a woman.cool.Do you have a twin sister named Betty Lou?As someone who lives in Kentucky, that sounds about right.
I told my husband that I would be home by midnight, 'I promise!' Well, the hours passed and the margaritas went down way too easily. Around 3 a.m., a bit loaded, I headed for home. Just as I got in the door, the cuckoo clock in the hallway started up and cuckooed 3 times. Quickly, realizing my husband would probably wake up, I cuckooed another 9 times. I was really proud of myself for coming up with such a quick-witted solution, in order to escape a possible conflict with him. (Even when totally smashed... 3 cuckoos plus 9 cuckoos totals = 12 cuckoos MIDNIGHT!) The next morning my husband asked me what time I got in, I told him 'MIDNIGHT'... he didn't seem pissed in the least.......... Whew, I got away with that one! Then he said 'We need a new cuckoo clock.' When I asked him why, he said, 'Well, last night our clock cuckooed three times then said 'oh shit.' Cuckooed 4 more times, cleared its throat, cuckooed another three times, giggled, cuckooed twice more, and then tripped over the coffee table and farted.Clearly this joke is fake, women don't fart.Anyone who says this has never lived with a woman.I never fart around my boyfriend (when I am conscience), I will go for a walk if I have to. However, when I'm sleeping it is a whole other story. Apparently I fart often in my sleep. I refused to believe him, until I farted myself awake.That's why women have wider hips then men, held in farts.They do, they just blame it on the dog.
"I have an idea," said the father. He put a ten-dollar bill, a bottle of whiskey, and a Bible on the coffee table. "If he takes the money he'll be a banker. If he takes the whiskey he'll be a wino, and if he takes the Bible that means he'll be a preacher." So the man and his wife hide just before their son comes in the door, and watch from where they're hiding. The boy saunters over to the coffee table. He picks up the ten-dollar bill, looks at it, then sets it down. He picks up the bottle of whiskey, uncorks it, sniffs it, then sets it down. Then he picks up the Bible, leafs through it, then sets it down. Then the boy takes the money and stuffs it into his pocket, grabs the whiskey, and walks off with the Bible under his arm. "Well how do you like that!" exclaims the father. "He's going to be a politician!"There is actually an ancient Chinese custom called Zhua Zhou that is similar to this. On the baby's first birthday a tray of objects (such as a coin, scissors, fabric, or dice) are placed in front of them. What the baby grabs for is supposedly a sign indicating what their future profession will be.I did this when I was little. I grabbed the food on the table behind me.The modern Chinese take on this is 3 items. A stethoscope, a stethoscope and a stethoscope.Nice try, Monk GyatsoKind of Like the Avatar!
Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall bought new shoes for her wedding. During the big day they became increasingly tighter and tighter as the day went on. That night, when the festivities were finally over and they retired to their room, she flopped on the bed and said, "Charles, darling, please remove my shoes, my feet are killing me!" Her ever-obedient Prince of Wales attacked her right shoe with vigour, but it would not budge. "Harder!" yelled Camilla, "Harder." Charles yelled back, "I'm trying, darling! But it's just so bloody tight!" "Come on! Give it all you've got!" she cried. Finally, when it released, Charles let out a big groan and Camilla exclaimed, "There! Oh, God, that feels so good!" In their bedroom next door, the Queen said to Prince Phillip, "See! I told you with a face like that, she had to be a virgin!" Meanwhile, as Charles tried to remove her left shoe, he cried, "Oh, God, darling! This one's even tighter!" At which Prince Phillip said to the Queen, "That's my boy! He served in the Navy: once a Rear Admiral, always a Rear Admiral!Excellent, fucking love it.The joke and premise were good. The last two lines made this joke great. Edit: grammarBloody brill, this one takes the biscuit. Cracked me up it did.This comment is so British, it makes me want tea.Please return biscuit, joke.
A couple of women were playing golf one sunny Saturday morning. The first of the two some teed off and watched in horror as her ball headed directly toward a foursome of men playing the next hole. Indeed, the ball hit one of the men, and he immediately clasped his hands together at his crotch, fell to the ground and proceeded to roll around in evident agony. The woman rushed down to the man and immediately began to apologize. She said, "Please allow me to help. I'm a physical therapist and I know I could relieve your pain if you'd allow." "Ummph, oooh, nnooo, I'll be all right...I'll be fine in a few minutes," he replied breathlessly as he remained in the fetal position still clasping his hands together at his crotch. But she persisted, and he finally allowed her to help him. She gently took his hands away and laid them to the side, she loosened his pants, and she put her hands inside. She began to massage him. She then asked him, "How does that feel?" To which he replied, "It feels great, but my thumb still hurts like hell."I'm gonna start hanging around busy golf courses now.I'm gonna start clasping my hands together at my crotch, falling to the ground and rolling around in evident agony when something hits me, hoping it's a woman that threw ithttp://imgur.com/NL2YfInSee, this sort of injury is unacceptable. Free yourselves from this dangerous passtime, and join us at r/nongolfers.My facebook is full of this shit and sometimes I feel like I'm the only nongolfer around. Can I come and post the things my friends say and then the witty hateful remarks that I say back?
An old lady was chatting it up with St. Peter at the Pearly Gates when all of a sudden she hears the most awful, blood curdling screams. "Don't worry about that," says St. Peter, "It's only someone having the holes put into her shoulder blades for wings." The old lady looks a little uncomfortable but carries on with the conversation. Ten minutes later, there are more blood curdling screams. "Oh my God", says the old lady, "Now what is happening?" "Not to worry," says St. Peter, "She's just having her head drilled to fit the halo." "I can't do this," says the old lady, "I'm going to hell." "You can't go there", says St. Peter. "You'll be raped and sodomized." "Maybe so", says the old lady, "but I already have the holes for that".Three men went to hell. The devil said to them "You have come to hell, and you must now choose whether to spend eternity in room 1, 2 or 3" He then opened the doors to the three rooms. Room 1 was filled with men standing on their heads, on a hard wooden floor. Room 2 was filled with men standing on the heads, on a cement floor. Finally, room 3 had just a few men, standing in shit up to their knees and drinking coffee. The men thought for a while, and decided to go with room 3, as it was less crowded and they could drink coffee. They entered the door to room 3 and just as it was closing behind them, the devil said "OK men, coffee break's over. Back on your heads."
There was a man named Charlie who was such a die-hard optimist. No matter how hard the situation was, he would always say, "It could have been worse." So to cure him of his annoying habit, his friends decided to invent a story to trick him. One day, his friends told him, "Charlie, did you hear what happened to Rob? He came home last night, found his wife in bed with another man, shot then both, and turned the gun on himself!" "That's so tragic," Charlie replied, "but it could have been worse." "HOW THE FUCK," his dumbfounded friends replied, "could it POSSIBLY be FUCKING WORSE???" "Well," says Charlie, "IF IT FUCKING HAPPENED THE NIGHT BEFORE, I'D BE FUCKING DEAD!" Side note: Thank you reddit, this is my 3rd post on r/Jokes that made it to the front page. Much appreciated! More jokes coming up!The bold makes it hard to stay focused when all the text is on screen at once. Distracted from an otherwise good joke.Noted. Thank you.You don't really need all of those fucks.Charlie's friends and Charlie are pretty vulgar.I'll be happy to haul away any excess fucks if nobody needs them? I'm making a fuck-castle in my backyard and need more materials.
Keep this in mind the next time you are about to repeat a rumor or spread gossip. In ancient Greece (469 - 399 BC), Socrates was widely lauded for his wisdom. One day an acquaintance ran up to him excitedly and said, "Socrates, do you know what I just heard about Diogenes?" "Wait a moment," Socrates replied, "Before you tell me, I'd like you to pass a little test. It's called the Triple Filter Test." "Triple filter?" asked the acquaintance. "That's right," Socrates continued, "Before you talk to me about Diogenes let's take a moment to filter what you're going to say. The first filter is Truth. Have you made absolutely sure that what you are about to tell me is true?" "No," the man said, "Actually I just heard about it." "All right," said Socrates, "So you don't really know if it's true or not. Now let's try the second filter, the filter of Goodness. Is what you are about to tell me about Diogenes something good?" "No, on the contrary..." "So," Socrates continued, "You want to tell me something about Diogenes that may be bad, even though you're not certain it's true?" The man shrugged, a little embarrassed. Socrates continued, "You may still pass the test though, because there is a third filter, the filter of Usefulness. Is what you want to tell me about Diogenes going to be useful to me?" "No, not really." "Well," concluded Socrates, "If what you want to tell me is neither True nor Good nor even Useful, why tell it to me or anyone at all?" The man was bewildered and ashamed. This is an example of why Socrates was a great philosopher and held in such high esteem. It also explains why Socrates never found out that Diogenes was banging his wife.Not bad, but that does sound like it would be useful information.I have found that if I would approach every joke logically, I wouldn't laugh as much but it still does irk me a lot when a discrepancy occurs.Don't be so hard on yourself. You would make a fine attorney.Important? Yes. Useful? Well...Are you sure your comment is true?Maybe the guy got annoyed at Socrates and decided to screw him over and tell him it's not useful.
An Avid Sportman and hunter, Tim decided to tie the knot with his longtime girlfriend. One evening, not long after the honeymoon, he was getting his equipment ready for an upcoming hunt. His wife was standing there at the bench watching him. After a long period of silence she finally speaks. "Honey, I've been thinking, now that we are married I think it's time you quit hunting, shooting, hand-loading, and fishing. Maybe you should sell your guns and boat." Tim gets this horrified look on his face. She says, "Darling, what's wrong?" "You were beginning to sound like my ex-wife." "Ex wife!" she screams, "I didn't know you were married before!" He replied, "I wasn’t."I knew a doc that would introduce his one and only wife as his "first wife" at parties.My dad often introduces my mom as his "current wife" to people, even though they've only been married to each other and its for 25 years now.If you have a girlfriend, she's always your current girlfriend, but it's never ok to call her that. If you have a wife, she's always your current wife, but it's never ok to call her that. -- Experience.I introduce my wife as my "trophy wife".
A woman is at home when she hears someone knock at the door.She goes to the door and opens the door to see a man standing there. He asks the lady, 'Do you have a vagina?' She slams the door in disgust. The next morning she hears a knock at the door and it is the same man and he asks the same question of the woman, 'Do you have a vagina?' She slams the door again. Later that night when her husband gets home she tells him what has happened for the last two days. The husband tells the wife in a loving and concerned voice, 'Honey, I am taking tomorrow off to be home just in case this guy shows up again.' The next morning they hear a knock and both run for the door. The husband says to the wife in a whispered voice, 'Honey, I'm going to hide behind the door and listen and if it is the same guy I want you to answer yes to the question because I want to see where the bastard is going with it.' She nods yes to her husband and opens the door. Sure enough the same fellow is standing there and asks the same question; 'Do you have vagina'? 'Yes, actually I have one,' she says. The man replies.. 'Good! Would you mind telling your husband to leave my wife's alone and start using yours?'I kinda want to know where the rest of the story goes, but good joke!And THAT's when the fight started!They both faintFor whatever reason I imagined Dick Draper as the husband in this scene.And then he fainted. I feel dirty saying thatI thought it was a bad joke. The setup is completely unrealistic and it could only happen in an alternate reality where someone really, really wants to set up the punchline to a joke.
The driver screamed , lost control of the car, nearly hit a bus, went up on the sidewalk, and stopped centimeters from a shop window. For a second everything went quiet in the cab, then the driver said, "Look mate, don't ever do that again. You scared the daylights out of me!" The passenger apologized and said, "I didn't realize that a little tap would scare you so much. " The driver replied, "Sorry, it's not really your fault. Today is my first day as a cab driver. I've been driving a funeral van for the last 25 years."It's funny because I pictured the cab in NYC and then I saw the word "mate"..It's called a hearse, not funeral vanHey everyone, get a load of mr. fancy pants over here. He's got enough money to get himself a prissy "hearse" instead of re-purposing pedo Steve's van whenever someone dies.I actually work as a mortuary transport driver and bodies are picked up in hearses and vans. I have a company van that i use to transport bodies. The technical term for both hearse and van is a funeral coach.Yeah, I doubt you'd know better than a man who fucking drove a funeral van for a quarter-century.
It got crowded in heaven, so, for one day it was decided only to accept people who had really had a bad day on the day they died. St. Peter was standing at the pearly gates and said to the first man, "Tell me about the day you died." The man said, "Oh, it was awful. I was sure my wife was having an affair, so I came home early to catch her with him. I searched all over the apartment but couldn't find him anywhere. So I went out onto the balcony, we live on the 25th floor, and found this man hanging over the edge by his fingertips. I went inside, got a hammer, and started hitting his hands. He fell, but landed in some bushes. So, I got the refrigerator and pushed it over the balcony and it crushed him. The strain of the act gave me a heart attack, and I died." St. Peter couldn't deny that this was a pretty bad day, and since it was a crime of passion, he let the man in. He then asked the next man in line about the day he died. "Well, sir, it was awful," said the second man. "I was doing aerobics on the balcony of my 26th floor apartment when I twisted my ankle and slipped over the edge. I managed to grab the balcony of the apartment below, but some maniac came out and started pounding on my fingers with a hammer. Luckily I landed in some bushes. But, then the guy dropped a refrigerator on me!" St. Peter chuckled, let him into heaven and decided he could really start to enjoy this job. "Tell me about the day you died?", he said to the third man in line. "OK, picture this, I'm naked, hiding inside a refrigerator ..."Thanks for posting this one. It's just a clean classic. I've been telling a version of this joke since I was about 9 (well over 20 years now), almost the same except for the 2nd guy was walking down the street and a refrigerator up an fell on him. It used to be my favorite joke until I heard the "Free Beer" joke.Must hear the "Free Beer" joke.Ooh. What's the "Free Beer" joke?I remember hearing this joke when i was really young and not getting it. Now i get it. haha.Clean? There's a naked guy and adultery.
Three bulls heard the rancher was bringing another bull onto the ranch. First Bull: "I've been here five years. I'm not giving this new bull any of my 100 cows." Second Bull: "I've been here three years and have earned my right to 50 cows. I'm keeping all my cows." Third Bull: "I've only been here a year, and so far, you guys have only let me have 10 cows. I may not be as big as you fellows, but I'm keeping all 10 of my cows." Just then an 18-wheeler pulls up in the pasture carrying the biggest bull they've ever seen. At 4,700 pounds, each step he takes strains the steel ramp. First Bull: "I think I can spare a few cows for our new friend." Second Bull: "I actually have too many cows to take care of. I can spare a few. I'm certainly not looking for an argument." They look over at the third bull and find him pawing the dirt, shaking his horns and snorting. First Bull: "Son, don't be foolish -- let him have some of your cows and live to tell about it." Third Bull: "Hell, he can have all my cows. I'm just making sure he knows I'm a bull."good one. here is a favorite of mine: A farmer goes out one day and buys a brand new stud rooster for his chicken coop. The rooster struts over to the old rooster and says, 'OK, old fart, time to retire.' The old rooster replies,' come on, you can't handle ALL these chickens. Look what it's done to me. Can't you just let me have the two old hens over in the corner?' The young rooster says, 'Beat it! You're washed up and I'm taking over.' The old rooster says 'I'll tell you what, young stud, I'll race you around the farmhouse. Whoever wins gets exclusive domain over the entire chicken coop.' The young rooster laughs, 'You know you don't stand a chance old man, so just to be fair, I'll give you a head start. 'The old rooster takes off running. About 15 seconds later the young rooster takes off after him. They round the front of the farmhouse and the young rooster has closed the gap. He's already about 5 inches behind the old rooster and gaining fast. The farmer, meanwhile, is sitting on the front porch when he sees the roosters running by. He grabs up his shotgun and BOOM!, he blows the young rooster to bits.
A couple was on their honeymoon, lying in bed, about ready to consummate their marriage, when the new bride says to the husband, "I have a confession to make, I'm not a virgin." The husband replies, "That's no big thing in this day and age." The wife continues, "Yeah, I've been with one guy." "Oh yeah? Who was the guy?" "Tiger Woods." "Tiger Woods, the golfer?" "Yeah." "Well, he's rich, famous and handsome. I can see why you went to bed with him." The husband and wife then make passionate love. When they are done, the husband gets up and walks to the telephone. "What are you doing?" asks the wife. The husband says, "I'm hungry, I was going to call room service and get something to eat." "Tiger wouldn't do that." "Oh yeah? What would Tiger do?" "He'd come back to bed and do it a second time." The husband puts down the phone and goes back to bed to make love a second time. When they finish, he gets up and goes over to the phone. "Now what are you doing?" she asks. The husband says, "I'm still hungry so I was going to get room service to get something to eat." "Tiger wouldn't do that." "Oh yeah? What would Tiger do?" "He'd come back to bed and do it again." The guy slams down the phone, goes back to bed, and makes love one more time. When they finish he's tired and beat. He drags himself over to the phone and starts to dial. The wife asks, "Are you calling room service?" "No! I'm calling Tiger Woods, to find out what the par is for this damn hole."That's very well puttTee hee.I always wanted to join a pun thread, but I'm a little greenI guess that's a fairway to putt it.If you ask me it was rather sub-par.GREEN IN REGULATIONGolf
The barber look around the shop and says "about 2 hours," and the guy leaves. A few days later the same guy sticks his head in the door and asks..."how long before I can get a haircut?" Again, the barber looks around at shop full of customers and says "about 2 hours." The guy leaves. A week later the same guy sticks his head in the shop and asks "how long before I can get a haircut?" The barber looks around the shop and says "about an hour and a half". The guy leaves. The barber looks over at a friend in the shop and says "Hey, Joey, I'll give you a free cut if you follow that guy and see where he goes." In a little while, Joey comes back into the shop laughing hysterically. The barber says, "this must be good, where did he go when he left here?" Joey says, "To your house!"I guess that guy got a little trim either way.HEYOOOO!!!!This guy.You're funny! Are you here all week?A guy sticks his head in the barber shop and asks how long till he can get a haircut. The barber takes a look at him and says," About another half inch."Why was Joey laughing hysterically?
A couple made a deal that whoever died first would come back and inform the other if there is sex after death. Their biggest fear was that there was no after life at all. After a long life together, the husband was the first to die. True to his word, he made the first contact: "Marion .... Marion" "Is that you, Bob?" "Yes, I've come back like we agreed." "That's wonderful! What's it like?" "Well, I get up in the morning, I have sex. I have breakfast and then it's off to the golf course. I have sex again, bathe in the warm sun and then have sex a couple of more times.. Then I have lunch (you'd be proud - lots of greens). Another romp around the golf course, then pretty much have sex the rest of the afternoon. After supper, it's back to the golf course again. Then it's more sex until late at night. I catch some much needed sleep, and then, the next day it starts all over again!” "Oh, Bob! Are you in Heaven?" "No -- I'm a rabbit somewhere in South Carolina.”Nice, didn't see that coming.That's what she said!like the man with invisible semenGreens. Genius.GreeniusI was hoping this wouldn't be a necrophilia joke..
Two men, tom and bob were walking their dogs when they smell a delicious scent. "You smell that?" tom asked. Bob replied, "the heck I do, let’s find where it’s coming from!”. After 5 minutes of searching, the scent led them to a restaurant. Tom said "let’s get something to eat!" they both were hungry but bob reminded him that they couldn’t enter with their dogs! so tom said "it’s cool, follow my lead!" he puts on shades and is stopped at the door "no dogs allowed sir!" tom insisted "oh it’s my seeing eye dog let me in" "it is? But that’s a dachshund !" "Yes they're using them now because of their amazing sense of smell" "Very well come in." bob puts on shades and also stopped before entering "No dogs allowed sir!" the waiter heckled. "Oh please forgive me, it’s my seeing eye dog" bob apologized. "A chihuahua?!!!" the waiter shouted "what??? THEY GAVE ME A CHIHUAHUA!?!?!?!?!?!?!"Old. Clean. Good.oh, thanks!This is highly offensive to chihuahua owners. EDIT: People... I was being sarcastic. I was making light of the fact that you can take offense at even the cleanest jokes. But go ahead - downvote away.Offensive to waiters.For no discernible reason I always get a little bit lost when telling this joke, but I like how easy to understand/tell this version is. Cheers!
Johnny wanted to have sex with a girl in his office, but she belonged to someone else… One day, Johnny got so frustrated that he went up to her and said, "I’ll give you a $100 if you let me screw you,But the girl said NO. Johnny said, "I’ll be fast. I’ll throw the money on the floor, you bend down, and I’ll be finished by the time you pick it up." She thought for a moment and said that she would have to consult her boyfriend… So she called her boyfriend and told him the story. Her boyfriend says, "Ask him for $200, pick up the money very fast, he won’t even be able to get his pants down." So she agrees and accepts the proposal. Half an hour goes by, and the boyfriend is waiting for his girlfriend to call. Finally, after 45 minutes, the boyfriend calls and asks what happened. She responded, "The bastard used coins!"What a terrible boyfriend, i would've asked for at least 300$.That can still be arranged... If you don't mind getting pissed on...How could the boyfriend have known Johnny would have an extra $100 in coins on him? That's preparation.If you're going to pay $300, I'd prefer to own not rent.You've adjusted for inflation, seeing how old this joke is.
Tom had been in Police work for 25 years. Finally sick of the stress, he quits his job and buys 50 acres of land in the hills in Tasmania as far from humanity as possible. He sees the postman once a week and gets groceries once a month. Otherwise it's total peace and quiet. After six months or so of almost total isolation, someone knocks on his door. He opens it and a huge, bearded man is standing there. 'Name's Cliff, your neighbor from forty miles up the road. Having a Christmas party Friday night. Thought you might like to come at about 5:00...' 'Great', says Tom, 'after six months out here I'm ready to meet some local folks thank you.' As Cliff is leaving, he stops. 'Gotta warn you. Be some drinking'.' 'Not a problem' says Tom. 'After 25 years in the business, I can drink with the best of 'em'. Again, the big man starts to leave and stops. 'More 'n' likely gonna be some fighting' too.' 'Well, I get along with people, I'll be all right! . I'll be there. Thanks again.' 'More'n likely be some wild sex, too,' 'Now that's really not a problem' says Tom, warming to the idea. 'I've been all alone for six months! I'll definitely be there.. By the way, what should I wear?' 'Don't much matter. Just gonna be the two of us.I read the Bearded mans voice is Scruffys voice from Futurama.I read it as Hagrid.I was thinking Jasper from Simpsons. I almost thought they were the same person when I read this then i IMDBed it and it turns out they are not. Kinda disappointed but oh well.I did Billy Bob Thorton from Slingblade.I did Carter from Family Guy. I don't know why...I read it in Scruffy's voice but pictured Harris.Jeff Bridges from True Grit
and he wants chicks. So, he goes down the road to the next farmer and asks if he has a rooster. The other farmer says, "yeah, I've got this great rooster, named randy; he'll service every chicken you've got. No problem" well, Randy the rooster is a lot of money, but the farmer decides he'd be worth it. so, he buys Randy. The farmer takes Randy home and sets him down in the barnyard, giving the rooster a pep talk, "Randy, I want you to pace yourself now. You've got a lot of chickens to service here and you cost me a lot of money, and I'll need you to do a good job. So, take your time and have some fun," the farmer said with a chuckle. Randy seemed to understand, so the farmer points towards the hen house and Randy took off like a shot ~WHAM~ He nails every hen in there THREE or FOUR times and the farmer is just shocked. Randy runs out of the hen house and sees a flock of geese down by the lake ~WHAM~ he gets all the geese. Randy's up in the pigpen. He's in with the cows. Randy is jumping on every animal the farmer owns. The farmer is distraught, worried that his expensive rooster won't even last the day. Sure enough, the farmer goes to bed and wakes up the next day to find Randy dead as a doorknob in the middle of the yard. Buzzards are circling overhead. The farmer, saddened by the loss of such a colorful animal, shakes his head and says, "Oh, Randy, I told you to pace yourself. I tried to get you to slow down, now look what you've done to yourself." Randy opens one eye, nods towards the sky and says, "Shhh. They're getting closer..." Well worth the read EDIT: Since this hit front page I must credit my friend. He text this to me while I was at work and I put it on here. I'm glad you all like it.The rooster fucking talks!The rooster fucks and talks!The fucking rooster, talksThat was awesomeSince I own chickens and a rooster, I feel I should chime in here... Roosters actually don't have a penis. Their sperm travel out of a single tube that they use to piss and shit out of, called a cloaca.EWwwwww gross
A guy hails a cab at the airport and tells the driver to go to a certain address. When he gets there he sees a beautiful three story townhouse in a upper-class part of town. He knocks and an attractive woman opens the door. "I wanna see Natalie" The lady looks the man up and down, he clearly doesn't have a lot of money. "Sir, to see Natalie you will have to pay $1,000 for half an hour" "No problem, I have money" Just then a gorgeous brunette in a black evening gown comes down the stairs and the guy looks at her "Natalie?" "Yes?" "I want to spend a little time with you" She smirks at the man's appearance "It will cost you $1,000" The guy takes out a roll of cash and hands it to her, they go upstairs, do the dirty and he leaves half an hour later. The next day the guy is back, he knocks, the madame opens and is quite surprised that the guy is back "I wanna see Natalie" "Well it's still $1,000" "O.K., I have the money" He shows her the money, he goes upstairs, hands the money to Natalie, spend half an hour poking her clam and leaves. So it continues for three more days, after the fifth day Natalie turns to him while he's dressing and says "You know it's the first time that somebody came back so many times; where are you from?" "I am from Michigan" Natalie sits up. "Really? I have a sister in Michigan" The guy grins and replies "I know, she gave me $5,000 to give you"Amusing joke.Sir calm down. This is the internet.Haha said the german man.It's so, mesmerizing.Undoubtably...funny. it's very similar to $100 to touch your boobsWho's the woman in that? I know her, but I can't put my finger on where I've seen her before.
Disturbed, he ordered his driver to stop and got out to investigate. He asked one man, "Why are you eating grass?" "We don't have any money for food," the poor man replied. "We have to eat grass." "Well, then, you can come with me to my house and I'll feed you," the lawyer said. "But sir, I have a wife and two children with me. They are over there, under that tree." "Bring them along," the lawyer replied. Turning to the other poor man he stated, "You may come with us, also." The second man, in a pitiful voice, then said, "But sir, I also have a wife and six children with me!" "Bring them all as well," the lawyer answered. They all entered the car, which was no easy task, even for a car as large as the limousine. Once under way, one of the poor fellows turned to the lawyer and said, "Sir, you are too kind. Thank you for taking all of us with you." The lawyer replied, "Glad to do it. You'll really love my place. The grass is almost a foot high."Here's a somewhat similar one: Guy walks into a bar and sees a very poor, homeless-looking man sitting in a corner. The guy approaches the poor man and asks "Can I buy you a drink?". To which the poor man replies "Thank you, but I don't drink". The guy then asks, "Can I buy you a lotto ticket, then?", but the man says "Thank you, but I don't gamble". The guy finally says "Well, then come to my house and have dinner with me and my wife". The poor man agrees and they go to the guy's house and have dinner. The meal goes smoothly and as the poor man is leaving, he asks the guy, "Dinner was wonderful and you are very kind. May I ask you what inspires such kindness in your heart?", to which the guy replies "Kindness? I just wanted to show my wife what a guy who doesn't drink and gamble looks like". THANKS FOR THE GOLD!!What was a guy who doesn't drink doing by himself in a bar in the first place?
A young family moved into a house next door to an empty plot. One day, a gang of building workers turned up to start building on the plot. The young family's 5-year-old daughter naturally took an interest in all the activity going on next door and started talking with the workers. She hung around and eventually the builders, all with hearts of gold, more or less adopted the little girl as a sort of project mascot. They chatted with her, let her sit with them while they had tea and lunch breaks, and gave her little jobs to do here and there to make her feel important. They even gave the child her very own hard hat and gloves, which thrilled her immensely. At the end of the first week, the smiling builders presented her with a pay envelope - containing two pounds in 10p coins. The little girl took her 'pay' home to her mother who suggested that they take the money to the bank the next day to open a savings account. At the bank, the female cashier was tickled pink listening to the little girl telling her about her 'work' on the building site and the fact she had a 'pay packet'. 'You must have worked very hard to earn all this', said the cashier. The little girl proudly replied, 'Yes, I worked every day with Steve and Wayne and Mike. We're building a big house.' 'My goodness gracious,' said the cashier, 'And will you be working on the house again next week?' The child thought for a moment. Then she said seriously: 'I think so. Provided those wankers at Jewsons deliver the fucking bricks on time.'Well this is just cute.You could probably do this joke in any country, and there's something about that I like. Anyone want to take a stab at applying it to their home nation?Young family is moving into abandoned yurt by hill, previous dweller having been seized by politburo. One day, prison gang show up to begin constructing forced-labor camp near yurt. 5 year old daughter of family not yet have natural curiosity destroyed from depression, she begin talking prisoners. Warden enjoy building up prisoners hope so as to shatter it again at opportune moments, so is allowing this tiny ray of happiness. Girl is hang around, sharing meals of radioactive water and uncooked rats, helping bury bodies of prisoners who die on job. They even giving her dog skull for to protect head. Girl is surviving one week on job with only minor broken bones and loss of hearing in one ear. Warden, wishing to encourage her enthusiasm for a life of hard labor, presenting her wages of six teeth and 18 centimeters cobalt wire. Girl's mother, knowing such a treasure is making them ripe target for bands of armed thieves, send girl to local rock field where townsfolk hide valuables.
One evening a man was at home watching TV and eating peanuts. He'd toss them in the air, and then catch them in his mouth In the middle of catching one, his wife asked him a question - and as he turned to answer her, a peanut fell in his ear. He tried and tried to dig it out but succeeded in only pushing it in deeper. He called his wife for assistance, and after hours of trying they became worried and decided to go to the hospital. As they were ready to go out the door, their daughter came home with her date. After being informed of the problem, their daughter's date said he could get the peanut out.. The young man told the father to sit down, then proceeded to shove two fingers up the father's nose and told him to blow hard. When the father blew, the peanut flew out of his ear. The mother and daughter jumped and yelled for joy. The young man insisted that it was nothing. Once he was gone, the mother turned to the father and said, 'That's so wonderful! Isn't he smart? What do you think he's going to be when he grows older?' The father replied, 'From the smell of his fingers, our son-in-law.hahaha that's sickeningly goodAn orange peanut?For me?I know this reference!Made my girlfriend literally yell "GROSS, GROSS, GROSS!" Win in my book.That couldn't have gone any better if there was a prize given out at the end.
A man is driving home from a party with his wife and son. They get pulled over at a DUI checkpoint and the policeman gives the man the breathalizer test. The machine beeps and the policeman asks the man to step out of the car. "Bullshit!", he exclaims in response. "I haven't had a single drop! The machine is obviously broken, test it on my wife!" The policeman reluctantly agrees as the man does not seem intoxicated. As the wife is blowing into the breathalizer, it beeps again and shows that she is drunk as well. "See? It doesn't work! You can even test my 4-year-old son!" So the 4-year-old kid takes the breathalizer test and whaddaya know, it says he's drunk as well. "As I said it's broken, you should get it checked." The policeman is left puzzled, he apologises and lets the man on his way. As they start driving along again, the man turns to his wife and says: "You see that? I told you it won't hurt to give the kid a taste."Man gets pulled over by the police. "Sir have you been drinking?" "Yes. 7 beers, 5 shots of tequila and about 4 glasses of wine." "I'm going to ask you to take this breathalizer test." "What! You don't believe me?"A man who had a little too much to drink is driving home from the city one night, and of course, his car is weaving all over the road. A cop pulls him over. "So," says the cop to the driver, "where have ya been?" "Why, I've been to the pub of course," slurs the drunk. "Well," says the cop, "it looks like you've had quite a few to drink this evening." "I did all right," the drunk says with a smile.
At the back woods bum-duck county police station the phone rings... 'Hello, is this the Sheriff's Office?' 'Yes. What can I do for you?' 'Ah'm calling to report 'bout my neighbor Mr. Virgil Smith....ya see sir, he's hidin' marijuana inside all his firewood pieces! Don't quite know how he gets it inside dem logs, but he's a-hidin' it there.' 'Thank you very much for the call, sir.' The next day, the Sheriff's Deputies descend on Virgil's house. They searched the shed where the firewood is kept. Using axes, they bust open every piece of wood, but find no sign of any marijuana. They sneer at Virgil and leave. Shortly, the phone rings at Virgil's house. 'Hey, Virgil! This here's Floyd....Did the Sheriff come?' 'Yup sure did!' 'Did they chop all-a ya'all firewood?' 'Yup!' 'Happy Birthday, buddy!' by mid_nite_poetAn old gentleman lived alone in New Jersey. He wanted to plant his annual tomato garden, but it was very difficult work, as the ground was hard. His only son, Vincent, who used to help him, was in prison. The old man wrote a letter to his son and described his predicament: Dear Vincent, I am feeling pretty sad because it looks like I won't be able to plant my tomato garden this year. I'm just getting too old to be digging up a garden plot. I know if you were here my troubles would be over. I know you would be happy to dig the plot for me, like in the old days. Love, Papa A few days later he received a letter from his son. Dear Papa, Don't dig up that garden. That's where the bodies are buried. Love, Vinnie At 4 a.m. the next morning, FBI agents and local police arrived and dug up the entire area without finding any bodies. They apologized to the old man and left. That same day the old man received another letter from his son. Dear Papa, Go ahead and plant the tomatoes now. That's the best I could do under the circumstances.
Once a DOCTOR and an ENGINEER entered a chocolate store... As they were busy looking around, doctor stole 3 chocolate bars... As they left the store, doctor said to Engineer : "Man! I'm the best thief ever, I stole 3 chocolates and no one saw me. You can't beat that" Engineer replied: "You wanna see something better? Let's go back to the shop and I'll show you real stealing" So they went to the counter and Engineer said to the Shop boy: "Do you wanna see magic..?" The Shop boy replied: "Yes..!!!" Engineer said: "Give me one chocolate bar!" The shop boy gave him one, and he ate it... He asked for the second, and he ate that as well.. He asked for the third, and finished that one too... The shop boy asked: "But where's the magic..?" Engineer replied: "Check in my friend's pocket, and you'll find them..!!!"Good, but I don't see the point of labeling the men as doctor and engineer...it didn't really poke fun at either party's stereotypesAlso... Why did he capitalize the entire words in the title and first line?Evidently, it shows how engineers will eat three chocolates in a row like it was nothing.Yeah, would've been better off with names instead.Would you say he didn't capitalize on the stereotype?DOCTORS are stupid and ENGINEERS are geniuses.Maybe change them to a WHITE GUY and a BLACK GUY?
An attorney arrived home late, after a very tough day trying to get a stay of execution for his death row client. His last minute plea for clemency to the governor had failed and he was feeling worn out and depressed. As soon as he walked through the door at home, his wife started on him about, What time of night to be getting home is this? Where have you been? Dinner is cold and I'm not reheating it'. And on and on and on. Too shattered to play his usual role in this familiar ritual, he poured himself a shot of whiskey and headed off for a long hot soak in the bathtub, pursued by the predictable sarcastic remarks as he dragged himself up the stairs. While he was in the bath, the phone rang. The wife answered and was told that her husband's client, James Wright, had been granted a stay of execution after all. Wright would not be hanged tonight. Finally realizing what a terrible day he must have had, she decided to go up stairs and give him the good news. As she opened the bathroom door, she was greeted by the sight of her husband, bent over naked, drying his legs and feet and said "They're not hanging Wright tonight!" He whirled around and screamed, 'FOR THE LOVE OF GOD WOMAN, DON'T YOU EVER STOP?'"I mean, it won't be happening tonight!" "I DON'T WANT TO HAVE SEX WITH YOU ANYWAY!"if I only had 1000 upvotes to give for a lawyer joke which is not insulting!Now you just need 999 moreNice try counselorwhen I read he would be hanged my intial thought was "hmm this joke needs to be updated, they don't hang anyone anymore." How wrong I was.
Two women are chatting in an office. Woman 1: "I had sex last night, did you?" Woman 2: "Yes." Woman 1: "Was it good?" Woman 2: "No, it was a disaster... my husband came home, ate his dinner in three minutes, got on top of me, finished having sex in five minutes, rolled over and fell asleep in two minutes. How was yours?" Woman 1: "Oh it was amazing! My husband came home and took me out to a romantic dinner. After dinner we walked for an hour. When we came home he lit the candles around the house and we had an hour of foreplay. We then had an hour long session of fantastic sex and afterwards talked for an hour. It was like a fairytale!" At the same time, their husbands are talking at work. Husband 1: "You wanted sex last night, how was it?" Husband 2: "Great. I came home, dinner was on the table, I ate, had sex with my wife and fell asleep. It was great! What about you?" Husband 1: "It was horrible. I came home, there's no dinner because they cut the electricity because I hadn't paid the bill; so I had to take my wife out to dinner which was so expensive that I didn't have money left for a cab. We had to walk home which took an hour - and when we got home I remembered there was no electricity so I had to light candles all over the house! I was so angry that I couldn't get it up for an hour and then I couldn't climax for another hour. After I finally did, I was so aggravated that I couldn't fall asleep and my wife was jabbering away for another hour!"There's a shorter version too: a therapist seeing a married couple asks them separately how often they have sex. The man says, "Almost never, maybe once or twice a week." The woman says, "All the time, at least once or twice a week."This joke is from Annie Hall.Film version.Sounds funny hearing Canadians say out... lolholy crap that was taking way too long. If they'd just talked a bit faster, that skit could've been a minute.
A man decides to have a face-lift for his birthday. He spends $5,000 and feels really good about the results. On his way home, he stops at a newsstand and buys a paper. Before leaving, he says to the sales clerk, "I hope you don't mind me asking, but how old do you think I am?" "About 35," was the reply. "I'm actually 47," the man says, feeling really happy. After that, he goes into McDonalds for lunch and asks the clerk the same question. The reply is, "Oh, you look about 29". "I'm really 47!", he says, feeling better than ever. Later, while standing at a bus stop, he asks an old woman the same question. She replies, "I am 85 years old, and my eyesight is going. But when I was young, there was a sure way of telling a man's age. If I put my hand down your pants and play with your balls for 10 minutes, I will be able to tell you your exact age." As there was no one around, the man thinks, What the hell and lets her slip her hand down his pants. Ten minutes later, the old lady says, "Okay, it's done. You are 47." Stunned, the man says, "That was brilliant. How did you do that?" The old lady replies, "I was standing behind you at McDonalds." Edit: Fixed a bitI've heard this before, but with a woman instead of a man and an old guy fondled her breasts instead. Funny thing is that both of them overhear the face-lift patient at a McDonalds. Must be a happening place.Especially for recent face-lift patients.The version I heard was a man saying to a woman that he can tell when she was born after fondling her breasts. After ten minutes she gets frustrated and says, "When was I born then?!" The man replies, "Yesterday."That version kind of makes more sense. Do women really want to play with a guy's balls for 10 minutes?
It's late fall and the Indians on a remote reservation in South Dakota asked their new chief if the coming winter was going to be cold or mild. Since he was a chief in a modern society, he had never been taught the old secrets. When he looked at the sky, he couldn't tell what the winter was going to be like. Nevertheless, to be on the safe side, he told his tribe that the winter was indeed going to be cold and that the members of the village should collect firewood to be prepared. But, being a practical leader, after several days, he got an idea. He went to the phone booth, called the National Weather Service and asked, 'Is the coming winter going to be cold?' 'It looks like this winter is going to be quite cold,' the meteorologist at the weather service responded. So the chief went back to his people and told them to collect even more firewood in order to be prepared. A week later, he called the National Weather Service again. 'Does it still look like it is going to be a very cold winter?' 'Yes,' the man at National Weather Service again replied, 'it's going to be a very cold winter.' The chief again went back to his people and ordered them to collect every scrap of firewood they could find. Two weeks later, the chief called the National Weather Service again. 'Are you absolutely sure that the winter is going to be very cold?' 'Absolutely,' the man replied. 'It's looking more and more like it is going to be one of the coldest winters we've ever seen.' 'How can you be so sure?' the chief asked. The weatherman replied,'The Indians are collecting a shitload of firewood'This joke is awesome"The Indian chief fainted"What is it with old people and ruining perfectly good jokes with shitty double punchlines?There were no survivors. Services for the Indian chief will be on Friday at 7. The weatherman will be accepting visitors at the hospital between 6 and 8.The joke was funny, but this reply actually made me laugh out loud, ironically.
