Okay, explained like you're a five year-old (well, okay, maybe a bit older), without too much oversimplification, and (hopefully) without sounding too biased: What people call "Obamacare" is actually the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (abbreviated to PPACA or ACA). However, people were calling it "Obamacare" before everyone even hammered out what it would be. It's a term that was, at first, mostly used by people who didn't like the PPACA, and it's become popularized in part because PPACA is a really long and awkward name, even when you turn it into an acronym like that. Barack Obama has since said that he actually likes the term "Obamacare" because, he says, "I do care". Anyway, the PPACA made a bunch of new rules regarding health care, with the purpose of making health care more affordable for everyone. Opponents of the PPACA, on the other hand, feel that the rules it makes take away too many freedoms and force people (both individuals and businesses) to do things they shouldn't have to. So what does it do? Well, here is everything, in the order of when it goes into effect (because some of it happens later than other parts of it): (Note: Page numbers listed in citations are the page numbers within the PDF, not the page numbers of the document itself)
Below is a hand-picked collection of outstanding explanations from this subreddit. Each linked answer is not only informative and correct, but written in terms that an elementary school student would legitimately understand. If you find an equally exceptional explanation not on this list, make a base-level comment on this thread and it will be considered for addition. Read and enjoy! Economics Debt in a Money-Based Economy by Hapax_Legoman Expansionary Monetary Policy by GOD_Over_Djinn Libertarianism by AmazingSyco Stocks and the Stock Market by CarlH Trust Funds by The_Cleric History JFK Assassination by Didji World War I by Axon350 Literature and the Arts The Catcher in the Rye by TrouserDemon Baroque vs. Classical vs. Romantic Music by HellOnTheReddit Mathematics and Logic Anything to the Zero is One by LordAurora Bases by Didji Chaos Theory by Captain_Kittenface Crash Course in Logic by gmanp Manifolds and the Poincaré Conjecture by flabbergasted1 Negative Times Negative Equals Positive by lampochka_returns Occam's Razor by OtherSideReflections P versus NP by flabbergasted1 Riemann Hypothesis by flabbergasted1 Philosophy & Religion Existentialism and Nihilism by Semiel Islam by meowtiger Nietzsche by plaidpant The Qur'an by dottxt Recent Events London Riots (August 2011) by chetney Phone Hacking Scandal (August 2011) by Didji The US Drops from AAA to AA+ (August 2011) by uriman What If Greece Defaults (October 2011) by duckymf SOPA (November 2011) by flabbergasted1 Reddit The Front Page by flabbergasted1 Vote Fuzzing by kissmyapp Science Domesticating Animals by josh6499 Fire by Balestar The Nervous System by Scriptorius Space-Time by 4x4prints The Speed of Light by Avedomni Plasma by wiz3n Technology Buffer Overflow by UnitedStatesSenate Cell Phones by The_Cleric Electronic Ink by GSnow Hashing by AndreasTPC HTTP by The_Cleric Internet by EdgeOfDreams ISPs by Didji .JPEG vs. .PNG by asokoloski LCD vs. LED vs. Plasma by unndunn Linux vs. Windows vs. OS X by TickTak Net Neutrality by Didji Programming Languages by chipbuddy U.S. Politics The Debt Ceiling by The_Cleric Liberalism vs. Conservatism by Didji "Obamacare" by Didji World Politics Africa by bkoatz Fascism by blackstar9000 The Israel-Palestine Conflict: Part 1, Part 2 by nathanite North Korea by elloelloello Wikileaks by Devistator Credit to adrianix for coming up with the title.
Questions here are supposed to be covering complex topics that are difficult to understand, where simplifying the answer for a layperson is necessary. So why are we flooding the sub with simple knowledge questions? This sub is for explaining the Higgs Boson or the effect of black holes on the passage of time, not telling why we say "shotgun" when we want the passenger seat in a car. EDIT: Alright, I thought my example would have been sufficient, but it's clear that I need to explain a little. My problem is that questions are being asked where there is no difference between an expert answer and a layman answer. In keeping with the shotgun example, that holds true-- People call the front passenger seat by saying 'shotgun' because, in the ages of horses and carts, the person sitting next to the one driving the horses was the one armed to protect the wagon. There is no way for that explanation to be any more simple or complex than it already is. Thus, it has no reason to be in a sub built around a certain kind of answer in contrast to another.
Yep. Somehow I feel that if I try asking for someone to ELI5 what an Ergative Absolute language is (honestly, someone mind helping me?), I'll just get downvoted in favor of something like "ELI5 why I am required to wear a seatbelt by law even though it affects no one but me?" You know, a question that we mods have to give the benefit of the doubt to, but we know is just a thinly-vielled soapbox question. Or something really trivially easy that people can just google, or something trivially...dumb, I guess? A lot of completely opinion-based ones that essentially boil down to "Why do people like X?" or "Why DON'T people like X?" or "Why do people find X so Y?" Or "Why is not acceptable/not acceptable to X?" And so on. It's kinda turning away from being a place where you can see really simple explanations for complex topics that you could never quite grasp, and towards more...generic bullshit. It's difficult for us mods to do anything about it. To strike a good balance. There is also an amount of disagreeing within the mods themselves. Personally, I think a good solution would be to require people to specify what exactly they found confusing. This would drive home the point that this is supposed to be a place for things you could never quite wrap your head around, or for things where you can't separate the important stuff from the unimportant fluff.
Before the current version of the Matrix, the machines created other versions. The first was a "Perfect World Scenario" where everybody was happy and life was good. Human psyche could not handle this overload of perfection and rejected the program. People couldn't believe it was real. The second Matrix was a "Nightmare Scenario", wars raged so as to appease the sadistic nature of humanity. This was also a failure because people couldn't accept it. The solution was found by The Oracle. She concluded, that if people were given a choice to accept or reject the Matrix (even if they weren't aware they were being given that choice), they would overwhelmingly accept the program anyway. Of course that this acceptance was not universal. A small number of people would still reject the Matrix. If left unchecked in the system, these people behaved like a virus, making other people aware that they lived in a fake world, destabilizing the whole system. They had to be removed. That's why The Architect allowed Zion to survive, to preserve the Matrix and to remove the people that were aware that they were inside a program. But this in turn created the problem of controlling Zion. If left unchecked, the city would eventually grow too powerful. For that purpose, the Architect and The Oracle created the concept of The One. Every time Zion grew too big (around 250.000 people I think), The One would be born. The One carried an important part of code from the Matrix (the Prime Program) that gave him a greater form of control over the Matrix (aka Neo's Powers).
A long time ago, a man named Hank in Michigan started to build cars. People liked his cars, but Hank was in Michigan and didn't know many people in New Jersey or own a space to sell to individuals in New Jersey. So, he found one guy in New Jersey named Dan who he could sell to because Dan did know a lot of people and Dan owned a big lot to show cars on. Dan bought a lot of cars with his own money in bulk for his dealership, which he then sold to the public one at a time for profit. This was good for Hank because he didn't have to find individual customers in New Jersey to sell his cars to, and it was good for Dan because he already knew the individual customers and could sell Hank's cars for a profit. Eventually though, Hank saw Dan making a profit, and got greedy. Hank figured that now that Dan had already hooked people on his cars in New Jersey, he could just sell directly to the public in Dan's town to cut Dan out and make more money for himself. This was big trouble for Dan because not only would he be out of a job in the future, but he also wouldn't be able to sell the cars he had already bought from Hank if Hank started selling them cheaper. Oh No! BUT Dan's lived in New Jersey a long time, and he went to see his friends Dave and Dean who were Hank's dealers in other New Jersey towns. Dan told Dave and Dean that Hank wanted to sell directly to customers in his town, and that Hank would probably do it in their towns too.
Real Simplified Version: PRISM is a tool used by the NSA that allows analysts to view data ("foreign intelligence") collected by legal methods. Edit 5: I apologize that this edit precedes the rest of the post, but much of the information from the original post has proven itself to be "outdated" (read: inaccurate) insofar as it incorrectly attributed power to PRISM, when it is at most a part of the whole. To be strictly correct, PRISM ("Planning Tool for Resource Integration, Synchronization, and Management") itself is simply the name of a tool used to access data gathered by the NSA by presumably legal means (in accordance with FISA / Protect America Act). I have now edited the post for accuracy. Be aware that as more information has come out, much of the related speculation has been disproved, at least so far as PRISM itself is concerned, and the articles upon which this post was originally based are themselves no longer the latest information on the subject. Ok, for now I've finished editing. I've removed all the inaccurate information I could find, and replaced most of the original post with the most accurate information I could find, to the best of my knowledge. Please bring any inaccuracies you find to my attention.
Netflix may well get more expensive, as they signed their first round of content contracts early on, when no one expected Netflix to boom. Those contracts were comparatively cheap. (Here's a graph of how their content costs are rising fast.) They are somewhat protected now by their large number of subscribers. Cable operators, on the other hand, have to buy content by the channel, and channels are bundled together by contract and contractually placed in their tiers. For example, you probably pay $4/mo for ESPN. In this case, the channel model is established, and content providers do not want to move to a la carte bundling (where you pay for only the channels you want). Cable also covers current events that Netflix can't (you can't get news coverage, live sports, etc.), though these outlets are finding competition (to varying degrees) by the internet. Finally, Netflix gets to offer the cool shows after cable and the content providers have already funded their creation. Netflix can't exist in its current format without cable (hence why they are funding their own shows). Netflix is still somewhat priced as a value add-on for content creators, though new content contracts show that future pricing will be based as part of the total value expectation for content (so movie income will be based on its ability to draw viewers at theatres, buyers of DVDs, eyeballs on cable, as well as downloads on Netflix.
I discovered some years ago that the point of most advertising at a certain marque level was not to acquire new customers, but to retain them or even stop "buyer's regret". For example, BMW pretty much never expect somebody to see one of their adverts and think "Oh, that car looks good, I'll buy one of those!", because who the hell makes a purchasing decision of that size based on advertising? Most of their advertising is actually focused on people who recently bought one of their cars and is sat there thinking how much of a Ford or GM they could have got for 40% less. It prevents buyer's regret, and pushes them from just a buyer into a brand-loyal fan. It also enhances brand value in general, which is critical when establishing how much your brand is worth financially. Brand value is where Coca-Cola come in. Frequently in the UK people will say "it feels like Christmas now", once the "Christmas is coming" Coke ad with santa on lorries going through town is aired. Think about how powerful that is: people associate the celebration of the Messiah's birth, or perhaps the most intense emotional experience of the year that you can point to on a calendar, with a can of sugar water. When you hear "Coke", you immediately think of the colours of the can, the taste of the drink, and have an emotional response which is probably very happy, positive and affirming. That's what a lifetime of Coca-Cola telling you what they stand for has done to you.
Nigeria (English Speaking) - The most populated African country at 160+ million. The country has an extraordinary amount of oil wealth, but it is also one of the most corrupt countries on earth so most of it has been squandered. It is a giant on the continent. Nigerians are found in large numbers throughout the continent, and are sometimes seen as a bit of a menace/drain in the countries they inhabit. South Africa (English Speaking) - The economic giant of the continent, it has a much higher standard of living than most of the rest of the continent, however there are still huge swathes of population living in abject poverty. Johannesburg alone accounts for 10% of the entire economy of the entire continent. Gold and mineral wealth abounds, diamonds and a healthy manufacturing sector contribute to it's wealth. It is also notable for the fairly large (~12%) white population. Unfortunately it is run by a horribly inept and entrenched government, also corrupt. Ethiopia (Amharic Speaking)- Is another giant in terms of population, but is incredibly poor, with a very undeveloped agricultural economy. However, it seems to exert a lot of influence across the continent, (heading up the African Union for example). Ethiopia has one of the most distinct cultures on the continent, with the only written dialect originating on the African continent. It was also the only Sub-Saharan African country to not be fully colonized by a European power.
I'll actually try to explain this like you're five, because that doesn't ever seem to happen on here anymore. Aaron Swartz was a man who was a part of a whoooole lot of really cool things. He helped to make a thing called "RSS" which helps people learn all the stuff they want to without going to all the different websites that that takes. It's like if you want to make a sandwich, but normally you'd have to go to a bread store, a meat store, a cheese store, and a vegetable store. RSS makes it so you can get that all at once (and enjoy your sandwich much more easily). Aaron also was part of a group of guys who helped give out information from "PACER", which is a big system full of information about what happened at courts. But, even though all of this information should have been free, they charged people for it. Imagine if each time you asked your teacher a question you had to pay a quarter. Even though that's their job, and it should be free, they made you pay. Well that sure did make some law-people mad. They started to investigate Aaron, but eventually stopped when they realized Aaron was right. Aaron did some more stuff, too. You know this website you're on? Aaron was a big part of it at the very beginning. A lot of people call him one of the founders, but that's not entirely true. What true is that Aaron helped to shape and mold and make this website what it is today. It's like when mommy buys you Play-Doh. She actually started it, but you're the one that made the amazing sculpture out of it (with help from your friends, of course).
A webpage is made up of a lot of different files. The more complicated the page, the more files there are. This also depends upon the way that the page is designed and coded. As such, a page typically will not render (display the final page) until ALL files have been received. Imagine loading a page from the Wall Street Journal that has an imbedded video. The text and style commands (CSS) will go through almost instantly even on a slow connection. However the video may take several seconds. Depending on how the page is coded, it may wait for the video to load (this has nothing to do with buffering and actually playing the video) before rendering the page. When you close it, the browser stops waiting for whatever file still needs to load and just renders what it already has. The biggest offenders of this are typically flash animations (adverts or videos) and large image files. Adverts can be the cause for this, which is why some people will say that they experience faster connections when using ad-blocking software.
There are many reasons. The physical antennas in use. Voyager has a really large dish pointed pretty precisely at Earth. There is a much much larger dish on Earth pointed at Voyager. It is part of the DSN, or Deep Space Network. These dishes act to focus the broadcast signal and to gather more of the received signal. Data rate: The data rate coming from Voyager is very low-rate. This helps because a single piece of information (a symbol, in RF speak) lasts longer, so the receiver has a longer time to collect the signal and to become certain what the value of that symbol is, and No obstructions. The walls of your house, the water contained within your house and within your body, the material in between the phone and the tower all absorb some amount of the energy, weakening the signal. Conversely, the frequency chosen for the communications of Voyager and other satellites was chosen so that the atmosphere wouldn't absorb much of the energy, and there's basically nothing in the way. Delay: Most of the delay that you experience is due to processing happening at the various nodes of the network. As for Voyager, the majority of the delay is the time it takes light to travel from the edge of the solar system back to the vicinity of the sun, where Earth hangs out.
The theory of evolution is the scientific theory that explains why there is so much variety and complexity in the natural world. Be warned that it doesn't explain what initially started life in the first place - all it explains is the variety of life we have. Also: it is not in any sense a moral philosophy. It is our understanding of our observations of the natural world. Evolution does not equal eugenics or anything like that. It's just a statement of the facts we see in the world. What we choose to do in light of understanding these facts does not come into it — in fact, understanding evolution can improve human wellbeing, as we can understand diseases much better. Another thing: the word ‘theory’. In normal everyday language, we usually use theory to mean ‘guess’ or ‘hypothesis’. In scientific terms, the theory is an explanation of the observable facts. A body of knowledge, if you will. For instance, ‘music theory’ is the body of knowledge surrounding musical composition. ‘Germ theory’ is the body of knowledge that explains illness and disease. ‘Cell theory’ is the theory that explains that all life is made of cells. ‘The theory of gravity’ is the study of gravity, and the explanations for the facts (or even laws) of gravity that we see in nature. The theory of evolution is no different. Evolution is a scientific, observable, fact, just like cells, germs, and gravity. The ‘theory of evolution’ is the study and explanation of these facts. If you've ever heard a creationist say ‘evolution is still only a theory’ or ‘evolution is not yet a law’ or ‘they're still trying to prove the theory of evolution’, then they are simply wrong, and misunderstanding the scientific meaning of the word theory. Theories don't become laws — theories laws. A law is just a simple mathematical observation that always seems to be true e.g. in electronics, ohm's law is that electrical current is equal to the voltage divided by resistance. Ohm's law is a part of the ‘theory of electronics’ if you like, although that term isn't really used.
It seems like the numbers just don't add up if every country owes every other country. Edit: What I'm trying to get at is that if Country A has, say, $-10, as well as Countries B and C because they are all in debt, then the world has $-30, which seems impossible, so who has the $30? Edit 2: Thanks for all the responses (and the front page)! Really clears things up for me. Trying to read through all the responses because apparently there is not nearly as concrete of an answer as I thought there would be. Also, if anyone isn't satisfied by the top answers, dig a little deeper. There are some quality explanations that have been buried. Edit 3: Here are the responses that I feel like answer this question best. It may be that none of these are right and it may be that all of them are (it seems like the answer to this question is a combination of things), but here are the top 3 answers (sorry if this oversimplifies things): Even though all of the governments are in debt, they are all in debt to each other, so the money works out. If they were all to somehow simultaneously pay each other back, the money would hypothetically even out, but this is both impossible and impractical. Money is actually created through inflation and interest, so there is more money on earth that there is value because interest creates money out of nowhere. For the most part, countries do not owe each other but their citizens and various banks. So the banks and people have the money and the government itself is in debt. Therefore, every country’s government can be in debt because they owe the banks, which are in surplus.
here's a way for all of us to be in debt, but for the money to work out fine: I borrow $5 from you, then i go ahead and loan it to greg, he uses it to loan money to you when you tell him that you loaned me your last $5. we have a total "debt" of $15 between the 3 of us, and only $5 exists, but if you give your $5 back to greg, and it goes back around the circle, all the debt is paid with a single $5 bill. now make it countries, make it millions, and start charging interest ***edits: yes, millions in small cases, billions in large (not usually trillions at once) and the interest destablizes the equation some, but often times the interest can be payed for in different ways like: -bartered goods (North Korea recently cut a deal with cuba to upgrade their missiles in exchange for 200,000 bags of sugar quick source ) -Military favors "let me build a navy base on your coast and we can forgive some of the debt" -Political Favors "Help me convince neighbouring country in your region to do ______." Or alternatively "Vote this way in the UN on THIS topic, make a good speech"
Here's a 6 minute video which explains the basics very well. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3Aea0BR26k&feature=related Imagine if baseball only had 1st base. When the batsman hits the ball and runs to the other end of the pitch (1st base) it's one run. If he's got time to carry on running before the ball comes back, he runs back(home base). That would be 2 runs. If he hits the ball all the way to the boundary(fence), it's four runs. If he hits the ball over the boundary without it touching the ground(home run) it's six runs. There's 11 players to a team but you need one player at each end (home plate and first base). So when the batsman hits the ball and is running to the other end, his teammate will be running in the other direction (1st base to home plate). So the bowler(pitcher) bowls the ball at the batsman(batter). The batsman is stood in front of the Wicket.(Those pieces of wood sticking out the ground behind him.) The batsman is out if, he misses the ball and it hits the wicket. (Bowled) he hits the ball and is caught. (Caught) he hit the ball and tries to run to the other end but the fielders get the ball back and hit The Wicket with it before the batsman has made it back. Run Out).
While life definitely doesn't HAVE to be water-dependent, water is so good at sustaining life that it's a likely candidate. Consider that water: Can help two major types of chemical reaction to occur. (For the science-lovers: It is amphoteric and protic and thus can act as a base or an acid to catalyze many types of reactions) It can hold of a lot of different things in it, such as salt and sugar, essential to life as we know it, as well as waste products of cells. (It is quite polar [i.e. has slightly positive and negatively charged regions] and thus can dissolve nearly any molecule with a polar group on it.) It is a liquid over a wide range of temperatures, and we would expect that you'd need life to start in a liquid because you need nutrients to be able to flow easily toward an organism and waste to be able to flow away. (A range of 100 degrees Celsius; ammonia is quite similar to water but a liquid only in a range of ~45 degrees Celisus.) It floats as a solid. (If temperatures DID dip below the freezing point, the solid phase would float and life would not be crushed or frozen inside) Water is very stable and hard to break apart. (Otherwise, it would rapidly disappear)
Here is a quote from Hellen Keller recalling what her thought processes were like before she was introduced to language. Sure, it's not exactly what you're looking for, but I think it provides some insight. The World I Live In by Hellen Keller, Page 37 Before my teacher came to me, I did not know that I am. I lived in a world that was a no-world. I cannot hope to describe adequately that unconscious, yet conscious time of nothingness. I did not know that I knew aught, or that I lived or acted or desired. I had neither will nor intellect. I was carried along to objects and acts by a certain blind natural impetus. I had a mind which caused me to feel anger, satisfaction, desire... When I wanted anything I liked,--ice-cream, for instance, of which I was very fond,--I had a delicious taste on my tongue (which, by the way, I never have now), and in my hand I felt the turning of the freezer. I made the sign, and my mother knew I wanted ice-cream. I "thought" and desired in my fingers. Thought without language, at least from what can be gleaned from Hellen Keller's own observations, is made up of basic desires, habits, and emotions (anger and satisfaction). Complex thoughts aren't really possible without a language to build ideas out of. So thoughts like you're having, even by just asking a question such as the one you posted are really only possible because you have a language that you can think with.
Galaxies are big and slow, Pluto is small and fast. The Triangulum galaxy is so far away that it's essentially at infinite distance for our purposes. You can point a telescope at it and let the exposure sit for months if you want a clear picture of it. The minor changes in angle as the Earth and telescope move are insignificant at that distance. Pluto is far, but not nearly that far. A telescope that's trying to look at Pluto must actively track Pluto's movement to keep it in focus. Throw in the fact that Pluto is rotating and you get a blurry streak if you try to take a long exposure image of it. edit: Also, the New Horizons probe will make a very close flyby of Pluto in 2015, which should provide us some excellent high-resolution images of Pluto and Charon. edit 2: Others are bringing up some additional excellent points that should go in the top comment: Rasori discusses the lighting issue with an object as faint as pluto Exscape discusses the angular size of pluto in relation to some other commonly imaged objects
As someone who's taking an interest in the technology behind Bitcoin, I'll give you a short overview. The coins are "mined" by folks crunching numbers. You can mine your own bitcoins by having your computer (specifically, your graphics card) solve some equations. The integrity of the network is preserved by a running log of everything everyone ever did (meaning, from the first coins mined to the last coin spent - it's all written down in a journal). The network is secure because accounts are protected by private keys and the SHA256 algorithm used to protect the contents is (currently) more or less impenetrable. The transaction log is nearly impossible to fake out because if you try to do something you're not technically able to (as in, transfer coins from an account which doesn't hold enough), your transaction is flagged by a disagreeing node as invalid. The transaction is then passed around until a consensus is reached as it its validity; if less than 50% of the nodes think you should be able to make the transaction then it is voided. The algorithm is self-correcting for mining rates, meaning that the first guys to crunch a few numbers got coins every 10 minutes and now that thousands of people are mining with fast hardware, it's become more difficult so that the 10 minute average is maintained.
"Shares": Usually refers to a stocks, or "equity" in a company. When you own company stock you are, in effect, a part owner of the company. For example, Apple has over 938 million shares owned by investors. If you were to buy a single share of Apple stock, you would own 1/938,000,000 of the company. Being a shareholder technically entitles you to your share of the company's future profits, though different companies handle this in different ways. Some pay dividends to shareholders from their profits on a regular basis and some just reinvest their profits in the company to promote growth and increase the stock price. Stocks appreciate or depreciate in value depending on the company's performance and how investors expect it to perform in the future. If Apple's profits are expected to rise their stock will likely appreciate in value because more investors will want to buy the stock, and if their profits are expected to drop, your share will likely depreciate in value because more investors will want to sell. In the event of a company's bankruptcy, shareholders are the last ones to get their money back after the company's creditors (bondholders, basically). Many times during a bankruptcy the shareholders get nothing. Bonds: Bonds are a debt instrument. If you own a bond, you own part of a company's or government's debt. Some bonds are coupon bonds, meaning the issuer needs to pay the bond holder a certain amount annually or semiannually, and some bonds only pay their face value upon maturity. Here's an example. Let's say Netflix needs to finance a major project that's going to cost them $50 million. Netflix might issue for $750 each 66,666 10-year bonds with a face value of $1000 to investors. Let's say the bond has a semiannual coupon of $50. If you buy one of those bonds, Netflix will have to pay you $50 twice a year for as long as you hold the bond, and then in 10 years when the bond reaches maturity you get the full $1000. In the event of a company bankruptcy, creditors (i.e. bondholders) get their money back before shareholders, although it might not be the full value of what they are owed.
Hi. I'm way late to this party and will never be seen, but I'm the guy who wrote RES! There's a lot of half-good information in here... i'll try and clarify a few things... I want to make very clear that Reddit has never offered to hire me. One time, during a stint where they did want to do some hiring, they offered to let me skip their "test" process and go straight to an interview. This is not a job offer. I politely declined, as I was happily and stably employed, etc. I will say, however, that there is truth to the fact that I love Chicago too much to leave... All I ever wanted since I was a little kid was season tickets to the Blackhawks... I have them now, and I can't fathom letting them go just yet. 2) There's only some truth to the "it would be more server load" argument. A lot of things would require virtually no extra server load. For example, the "full comments" link is an absurdly simple thing that Reddit could add but doesn't. I'm not criticizing them for this, mind you -- they may not believe it's best for all users to have that link as it adds yet another link to every item on the page, etc... but it certainly wouldn't increase server load. The vast majority of RES's features requires little to no database related stuff, and would likely not increase server load in a measurable way.
Indian here. For the past decade or so, rape has been a constant fixture of the criminal landscape. Urban centres like Delhi, Mumbai and so on are just as affected as the rural areas. Our society has almost always dismissed these as the fault of the victim - blaming them for dressing provocatively, being out late at night, being in the company of young horny men and so on. A generally cunty cop-out, but one that society at large accepted for the many years that rapes went on unchecked. Surely it must be the fault of a lascivious young woman and not the WholesomeIndianMale™. In keeping with the general attitudes of civil society, cops act pretty shitty toward rape victims too. The reason rape is the #1 most under-reported crime in this country is because cops are assholes. They mock victims when compaints are being filed, insinuate that they are loose, easy women and frequently fail to follow up properly on rape cases (check out this particularly egregious situation - this is the norm for police conduct, not the exception). However, a few days ago, a girl got gang-raped, and had her insides all but scooped out with iron rods in New Delhi, our capital city. Unusually, she was accompanied by a male friend, at a fairly conservative hour, and was on a "sort of" public transport bus when it happened. This renders all previous cop-outs invalid - how could it be her fault?
When I first subscribed to this subreddit, it was awesome. I saw complex theories and practices written with wit and intelligence in a simple and concise manner. If you look at the front page now, there are really not too many posts that require the lens of a 5 year old. Rather, they are simple questions that require simple answers. They are not logically complex questions, that would require a simplified solution for the layman. Some examples: Hello i'm from Argentina, can someone explain why a black guy eating a watermelon is racist? ELI5: How Apple can publicly claim iPhone 5 is the thinnest smartphone in the world? ELI5: Why can places like Newegg ship UPS for free when it costs regular people so much money? ELI5: The Obama Birther Issue Explain like I'm 5 why the states with the highest average income, health metrics, and education levels are also the most liberal and nobody ever talks about it. Do these type of questions benefit from being described to a 5 year old? These are questions with pretty straightforward answers, and while they may not be suitable for a child, I think it's a waste of real estate in this subreddit when these questions would be much better directed in appropriate r/ask subreddits. I would think we should be seeing more posts like "Why do we stretch and why does it feel good when we do?" The actual answer probably requires some biology and science knowledge of anatomy, and benefits from having it's explanation suited for 5 year old. Also - if you check the number of "Answered" in this subreddit, it's not a high percentage. I think this because the questions are not worthy of a ELI5 explanation. I think we need to have more "big issue" posts, topic posts. EG - ELI5 - The Housing Bubble... or ELI5 Computer Languages Check this out: http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/j86h2/the_fiveyearolds_guide_to_the_galaxy/ This subreddit should be an ever-expanding version of this, right? Instead, we are bloated with a ton of posts that don't require ELI5, and it's ruining the creativity and unique edge this subreddit used to have. Can we band together and downvote questions that don't really require ELI5 and upvote ones that would make for an engaging answer? I hope so. Don't mean to come off negatively, I just want to see this subreddit return to domincance as an intriguing and enlightening subreddit. Not one filled with questions that probably belong in r/politics or r/technology or most appropriately r/askreddit. But maybe I'm wrong. I don't know. Thanks.
Educational psychologist here. Current psychological research has shown that the human thinking process is actually made up of at least three major parts: 1) The "sensory memory," 2) The "short term" (aka "working memory,") and 3) The "long term memory." The sensory memory subconsciously takes in all sensory input, such as what you touch, taste, smell, see, hear, etc, and decides what's important and what isn't important. Then it passes the information that it decides is important (like the fact that you see a plate of food on the table) on to the short term memory. Once that information hits the short term memory, that's when you become consciously aware of that info and realize "hey! there's a plate of food on that table!" Later, if the information was important enough, the knowledge that "there used to be a plate of food on that table" might be stored in the long term memory so that you can pull it back and think about it again if you ever need to. In a lot of ways, the short term memory is like a computer's processor, and the long term memory is like a computer's hard drive. So... what does that all have to do with why we are able to speak in our minds? Well, it turns out that the short term memory has some subcomponents that let us do some pretty cool stuff. One of those subcomponents is called our "phonological loop." It's the circuitry of brain cells connected to the short term memory that lets us "hear things" in our mind. It's the part of our brain's wiring that we're using when we have a song stuck in our head, or talk to ourselves in our head, or even remember what a person said to us once. We have other subcomponents that are similar, but for other senses, as well. One of these is called the "visuospatial sketchpad," and it's what allows you to see images in your short term memory, such as remembering what your favorite shirt looks like, or what your first car looked like, etc.
It sounds like you're asking about lobbyists who donate money to politicians campaigns. Lobbying itself is not bribery, it's just speaking to people who have power and trying to influence them. Political contributions by lobbyists are not bribery for a couple of reasons: The money is not a quid pro quo. You don't hand a check to politician and then tell them how to vote, and politicians do not always vote depending on who gave them money. Now yes, a politician is probably going to be influenced by big donors, but not always. If they don't side with you, then you can decide not to donate again. But you can't ask for your money back, or threaten them because you paid them and they didn't do what you wanted. Thus the only incentive to side with you (aside from your incredibly persuasive intellectual arguments) is that you MAY donate to their campaign again. Oppositely, once you've made a contribution, they have your money and can do what they please. You can't get it back. The money is tracked. Campaigns are required to disclose who gave them money. Lobbyists are required to disclose who they gave money to, and they are required to disclose who pays them to lobby. The money is limited (at least for direct contributions to a campaign). There is a limit to how much each individual and business can give to a single campaign. PACs and other organizations are another story for another time.
Having grown hemp over 'ere in the UK I have this to say. Good points: It is a very fast growing bulk crop It does not require much fertiliser it typically only requires a small amount of potash per Ha. Prevents soil erosion. We got about 14tonnes to the acre last year. It grows in many soils. Bad points Harvesting. there are several ways to harvest Dessication, traditional or forage. This may sound good but dessication requires copious amounts of glyphosate and requires a bloody tall sprayer. our crop was about 9ft high. Traditional combine harvesting requires constant cleaning of the headers whrn harvesting hemp as the natural fibres wrap around everything. It is also hard to harvest at the right moisture content as across the crop the moisture content varies so much. Forage is really the only way to harvest however 9ft high crops tend to be hard to mow. Then a forage harvester picks it up and either bales it or blows it into a trailer. This makes it more expensive to harvest. The price of hemp at sale is very low. Roughly -90% less than wheat.
Because this would be ridiculous. Before the president is elected, he knows more about politics than you, sure. But he knows not nearly as much as he will when he's first introduced to the presidency. He can outline a general plan for his country, and he can tell people what it is he believes in, and what he will strive to achieve. Nonetheless, there is not much he can do when he is faced with the stark reality that is global politics. The president is expected to adapt and overcome. Situations will present themselves where the best answer is not the one they believe in. There are so many shortsighted, uninformed people that believe that there's a right answer to everything. The truth of the matter is that, when you're dealing with a position indirectly affected by the actions of over 190 sovereign states, global fortune and misfortune, and vested in the interest over 300 million people in your own country, and some 6.7 billion elsewhere, the decisions you are going to make are most likely [i]reactive[/i] and not [i]proactive[/i]. The choices you make will never make everyone happy. Most likely, they won't even make the majority of people happy. But if you had to choose between pissing off 60% of the population and 90% of the population, you would choose the former; even it goes against what you've promised. There is an entire world full of happenstance and conflicting interest. It's impossible to do what you hoped to do all the time.
It used to be just a minor annoyance but now it's getting to the point where about 75% of all ELI5 posts reaching the front page are better suited to be on /r/askreddit or r/answers, or sometimes even /r/askscience. Seeing how /r/explainlikeimfive has recently reached 100k readers, I think it's time to address this issue. It seems like people are taking advantage of ELI5 more laid-back attitude and small-yet-noticeable subscription count to post questions that would never see the light of day on other subreddit. This subreddit's purpose is to be, as the sidebar states: A friendly place to ask questions and get elementary school-level answers, without fear of judgement. Take note of what kind of posts used to reach ELI5's front page during its early days: Why is x0 = 1? How do Trust Funds actually work? How does HTTP work? What is fire and how does it work? Notice how each of these posts is a complex subject or question, and how many of the comment literally make the answer simple enough for a five year old to understand. Now let's take a look at what has reached the ELI5 front page over the last week: Why doesn't Reddit simply hire the guy who makes Reddit Enhancement Suite (RES) and make those features part of Reddit? How is downloading movies/books online any different than going to your local library to check out movies/books for free? Why some of my friends think Che Guevera is a hero, and others say he is a bad dude? Why do British people sound American when they sing? None of these posts is complex nor addresses anything that requires explaining. Much of the posts are suggestive or simply provocative, and ALL of them would fit better in other subreddits. The answers to these posts are never fit for 5 year olds, and are no different from /r/Askreddit answers. The subreddit has lost its way. I understand that the admins here want to make the community in charge of what reaches the front page and what gets filtered out, but sometimes forced, strict moderating is what you have to do. No need to go all the way into the no-memes-or-any-kind-of-fun zone where /r/askscience lies, but letting stagnation, new redditors and circlejerkers take over isn't the answer either (See /r/atheism, /r/classicrage, r/gaming or what /r/circlejerk used to be a mere month ago). So please admins, if this post tries to say anything is that you should have stricter rules about which submissions should and should not go on /r/explainlikeimfive. Be a little bit more delete-happy, and try to make the subreddit more like the great video found in the sidebar.
First of all, we need to talk about the difference between a DJ and a Producer. A Producer makes music A DJ plays music That said, keep in mind that almost all Producers are also DJs (but NOT many DJs are Producers). Think about it: with any instrument, lots of people play other people's songs, but very few end up good enough to write their own. Same thing. In any case, all the big name DJs you hear of are famous for songs they PRODUCED, (though most of them are, as you might expect, incredible DJs as well). All the DJs you named are both. Finally, as a bunch of other people on this thread said already, there are also DJs that actually produce (make) music live. That's pretty cool, but also much more rare, so I don't think that's what you're talking about. So, what is a DJ doing up there in his (or her) little box. Well, a number of things: Picking songs It's not enough to just pick a good song or even a good dance song to be a good DJ; you need to pick a song that goes well with the last song you played. This is very difficult to do for 3 hours straight unless you know A LOT of music REALLY WELL (which is one of the most important things that makes the best DJs so good). Sometimes, DJs just "know" what songs go well with other songs (practice helps a lot), but other times, they need to listen to both songs being played at the same time to figure out whether they mesh or not. So, while a song is playing on the speakers, the DJ will play another song in his headphones and, listening to both at the same time, decide whether they go well together.
In the 1980's the British economy was struggling. To get the country out of the mess it was in, she decided to deregulate the banks, sell government owned companies, and get rid of "out-dated" forms of industry, and manufacturing eg: coal mining. This made a lot of people, mainly public sector workers and "blue collar" workers, lose their jobs. The coal miners especially were upset and striked for a long time, however this didn't do any good and in the end they still lost their jobs and livelihoods. This also decimated towns that were built near the mines, turning them into ghost towns filled with unemployed. It also ushered in the era of the UK being a finance based economy, as opposed to manufacturing, which although made some people very rich in the short term did not provide a long term solution to the UK's problems. It can be argued that the current problems in the UK economy are directly due to the changes she instigated, and which the following prime ministers didn't, and couldn't/wouldn't change. So that in a nutshell is why a lot of people really hate her.
From where you sit in an orchestra, you do not hear every other instrument clearly. This impacts some more than others, but there are people (from experience - the pianist) who can't hear most of the other players - for them the conductor is absolutely essential. Also, a lot of classical repertoire, especially music from the 19th century onward, requires constant speeding up and slowing down, either in the form of tempo changes or as rubato (bending the rhythm for a few notes for dramatic effect) which is hard to do without a conductor. Also, the conductor is the only person to hear every instrument roughly like an audience member. Thus, they are the only person in an orchestra (assuming a large ensemble) who can hear which sections are too loud and which are too soft, and a large part of the conductor's job is telling individual instruments to change their volume. That said, there are many smaller ensembles and orchestras, particularly those playing baroque and pre-baroque music, that don't play with conductors.
Food technology business guy here. Keep in mind that the operating and manufacturing costs for soft drinks are ridiculously low. Food technology is pretty much just a basic set of chemicals that are essentially commodities (i.e., all products are nearly identical, so they all have an insanely low price). Because of the lengthy FDA GRAS (Generally Recognized as Safe) approval cycle, the majority of breakthroughs in food science today are just better ways to combine these different chemicals to get a certain recipe/application functionality, flavor, umami, or mouthfeel. It's not rocket surgery. Of the ingredients that go into a soft drink, the highest cost will invariably be the packaging (the can) and the packaging coating (e.g., the chemical coating on the inside to make it food-safe). Everything else (phosphates, water, sugar, caffeine and its derivatives, dyes, flavoring...) is an industrial chemical that can be bought for a few hundred bucks a ton. Even carbonation is a technology that has been around since the 19th century. It's a well-perfected process. The real money is in the marketing. Sustain a decade-long "Red Bull gives you wings" campaign and Red Bull's name becomes permanently beamed into people's minds when they think of energy drinks. So Red Bull can absolutely ask a brazillian dollars for a can that really only costs them a few cents to make. More for sugarfree or zero-calorie versions that takes virtually no extra effort to manufacture. Marketing is where the whole becomes worth more than the sum of its parts.
Dorner was terminated on September 4, 2008, for filing a report concerning the conduct of fellow police officer, Teresa Evans (now a sergeant), for excessive force, which the police claim is false. Dorner accused Officer Evans of kicking suspect Christopher Gettler in the face while he was handcuffed and lying on the ground. An internal review board concluded that Dorner had falsified his report despite the corroborating statements of the kicking victim and of Gettler's father.[13] Dorner cited his termination and sworn testimony that such excessive force did occur Side 1: Dorner was fired for blowing the whistle on a cop using excessive force. Long story short - he was called a liar, and fired. People support him in this endeavor because even if he was mistaken and excessive force wasn't used, he shouldn't have been fired for just watching the public's back, myself included. It probably makes more sense to say "I support what happened was immoral" rather than to say "I support Dorner." On February 9, 2013, the LAPD announced that it would reopen the disciplinary proceedings that led to Dorner's firing I think the LAPD messed up, and I hope this will lead to some changes in law enforcement, especially the amount of people that were caught in the crossfire of the man hunt (1 killed, 2 injured IIRC).
I think it would be a safe assumption that being a productive, hard working individual is advantageous from an evolutionary perspective. You can tell we are programmed as such since after a hard workout at the gym or nailing a big presentation at work our brain's reward system tells us we did a good job and releases endorphins/dopamine/whatever. That being said...why do I have no other desire than to lounge around with a pizza and a blanket and watch Netflix all day? And isn't it interesting that when you do that, later on you typically feel bad about the fact that you weren't productive and sat on your ass all day? Busting my ass and doing great things gives me such greater pleasure than being lazy, but being lazy always seems like a much better option than busting my ass. Scumbag brain. EDIT: Look I understand that biologically we are wired to conserve energy...but that doesn't explain the cognitive dissonance in my brain where it tells me to be lazy but at the same time beats me up for doing so. EDIT 2: I think all i've learned from this debate is that I have a fundamentally flawed understanding of evolution. Hahaha EDIT 3: And the lightbulb finally went off. I get what everyone is saying now I think. So if i'm understanding everything right, the means to propagating our genes ARE hard coded into our DNA, but that hard coding tells us to be lazy as a result of millions of years of evolution as opposed to few thousands of years of living in civilized society that probably had little to no effect on our genetic makeup. I think what I was trying to say was that evolution has been favorable to those who are adaptable, and those who can adapt to our current society the best will reap the most rewards, allowing most potential to propagate our genes. I hope that made sense...i'm thoroughly confused now and my brain hurts.
Quick summary of recent events and the situation in general: On April 1st, the DPRK issued a full declaration of war that can be read in full here: http://live.reuters.com/Event/North_Korea/70001409 Sadly, this was not an April Fool's prank, although we'd all like the DPRK a lot better if it was. Most of this "document" is rhetoric and rambling that seems to have been translated by a 5 year old, so I won't summarize it. At this point, we were pretty sure the DPRK was just posturing. Later that day, China began mobilizing it's troops to the DPRK border. The details can be read here: http://freebeacon.com/border-patrol/ China almost certainly will not actually intervene in the event of a war and seems to be preparing to control it's borders in case refugees try to flee into their country. There's a possibility Chinese intelligence knows something we don't, or they could just be doing a "just in case" thing because of the DPRK's declaration of war. The world is still not too worried, DPRK is probably just posturing. Fast forward to yesterday and the DPRK has now vowed "actual military action". Not really many details, but the source is here:
The X-Files plot arc was about a group of people (The Syndicate) who were trying to negotiate with an alien species (The Colonists) that was intent on taking over the world, wiping out humankind in the process. First contact with the aliens occurred in 1947, when one of their spacecraft crash landed in the desert in New Mexico. In the face of the inevitability that the superior alien intelligence and technology would ultimately beat them, a small group of powerful men negotiated an agreement that humanity would be allowed to continue in the form of an alien-human hybrid. The Syndicate spent most of its time helping The Colonists develop the hybrids by keeping them supplied with human foetuses. However, they were also covertly working on a vaccine that would save humanity from this awful fate. Unfortunately, The Colonists had lied to The Syndicate about what their plans were. The Black Oil that was supposed to create a human-alien slave race, was in fact a virus that created aliens inside the human host and their true intention was to wipe out humanity and take the planet for themselves. The Syndicate's discovery of this betrayal led The Colonists to develop a race of Super Soldiers to ensure that the colonisation of Earth would not be prevented. The series ends with the revelation that the alien invasion is due to start in December 2012, the end of the Mayan calendar.
Voting needs to be anonymous and have a trusted trail. Paper ballots fit this bill perfectly. You walk into the booth alone and cast your ballot. No matter who someone else told you to vote for they can't control that actual ballot. The election is staffed by people from all major parties and ballots are put into counting machines, etc, in public view. A computer usually tallies the results to make it faster but if there is an issue then they can be hand counted. Online banking is not anonymous and everything you do is recorded. If there is a problem they can pull logs of your IP, login attempts, transactions, everything that was done in your name. Both parties want to ensure they each know who the other is and what they are doing. Creating an internet system that allows someone to validate who they are so they can vote (only once) and yet doesn't store who they voted for is tough. Even if someone says the system is anonymous how can you be sure the NSA (or a company or whomever) isn't recording who you voted for to use against you later? Do you trust the company making the software to actually accept your vote for Kang rather than Kodos? What about an employer who doesn't give people time off of work to vote but allows them to vote on a special office computer? One that might have it's own tracking software or even just a camera in the ceiling to record who votes for who.
Reddit seems to usually support the notion that American's ideals of beauty are heavily influenced by the images and scenarios we see in the media, so much so that much of our behavior is impacted by the desire to conform to these standards. But reddit is very skeptical that violent images and scenarios in the media influence how Americans react to confrontation. Am I incorrectly lumping the proponents of these two views together? Or is there a simple, consistent way to hold both these views at the same time? EDIT: The question was very broad, so I apologize. Many people are assuming I am referring to spree killings or mass-shootings when I talk about violence, which is understandable because those are the incidents that cause this debate to resurface. However, I had more "common" violence in mind; gang violence, fights over women, domestic violence; Castle Doctrine inspired by "No Duty to Retreat"-style country westerns; vigilante justice in the style of Charles Bronson's "Death Wish."
It's a good question, and I think it really has to do with attitude more than anything else. And attitude is important. It's entirely possible (even likely) that video games do influence people, but not necessarily in the ways you hear about in the media. The typical claim about video games, for example, is that they condition people to commit violent acts, or they make people more prone to engage in violence. And that's pretty absurd because millions upon millions of people play violent games and watch violent movies/TV without committing violent acts. That's what people get up in arms, so to speak, about. But that doesn't mean people aren't being influenced in any way. It's entirely plausible that people are being desensitized to the sight of violence, and that this changes the way they think about violence in the world. I was in high school when the Iraq war started, and I remember that kids wanted to watch the coverage on the news so they could see the bombs dropping on Baghdad. And it was this almost pretty kind of green night-vision view, with these glowing lights that were rockets and explosions.
We don't; we want them to die. It's harsh, but it's (relatively) true. If you look at your family tree 100, 200 or even 500 years back, you'll find out that your grandmothers churned out at least half a dozen babies in their lifetimes. Due to poverty or sickness, many of these poor kids died, but one or two would go on and have kids of their own. In better times, maybe three or four would survive, but due to war or terrible working conditions, they would die off in their teens or 20s, leaving very few children behind. Similarly the women, if not dying during childbirth, would die at what we now consider a relatively young age of around 50-60, because they wouldn't be able to support themselves. Fast forward to the 1940s, and we see countries with safe jobs, strong economies, and low mortality rates thanks to improved medicine and working conditions. Women still have 5 or 6 kids, and most of them survive... all the way through till now. Good for you, gramps - you're one of the Baby Boomers. And because these old people are staying fitter and healthier for longer, they're staying at work. No more quitting at 50 because of a bad back or arthritis; these guys just neck a few pills, take up some physiotherapy and carry on. This means that the younger kids can't move up the career path; the top jobs are all being held by people in their 60s or even 70s who have decades of experience and who still have all their marbles too. They're making all the money as well, so younger people earn less, and keep earning less well into their 40s.
They're pretty much all several weeks old. Because if nothing else - to be in a film you need a bunch of paperwork filled out and filed, and that takes a couple of weeks to do. Also, newborn babies (ie 48 hours or less) are ugly as hell. Three week old babies are cute. But there's services in Hollywoodland wherein pregnant women register themselves and their due date, and when it comes time to shoot the baby scene the movie company calls up the baby service and says "Yeah, I need a black male - how many you got for next Thursday?" and the Service company makes some calls and comes up with a number - 3, 5, 10, whatever. That many black male babies of the apropriate 3-6 week age. So those mothers drag the kids over next Thursday (assuming the kid isn't sick, or whatever) and they shoot the scene with whichever one is cooperating the most with being covered in jelly[1] and shoved under hot bright lights. And there's your "birth" scene. A jelly covered confused child who is hot and blind. [1]It's not actually jelly, but probably dyed petrolum gel or some other similar fluid. You get the idea - something sticky looking that's red.
Because regular language isn't as descriptive as it should be to make an agreement with. Agreements typically define things as either A or B, with no empty space in between to meddle over. Think of it as an agreement with Mom and Dad: When you finish your dinner you will get to play with the Lego or the other toys. Now, "finish" your "dinner"? Does that mean I have to stop eating, that I have to eat all vegetables or that the plate must be clean? Do I have to lick up the sauce to count as "finished"? If I finish it by feeding it all to Mom, does that count? And then when I do get to play, do I get to play with the Lego and the other toys, or do I have to choose between the Lego on the one side and the other toys on the other? So we go another draft: When you finish your dinner, meaning that at least 90% of the vegetables by weight and at least 50% of the potatoes and meat are consumed by you, you may play with any or all of your toys at your discretion. That's a lot closer to the intended meaning but it's a lot harder to read too. Lawyers typically try to close all visible loopholes.
First of all, wikipedia is a fine source for essays, at least compared to any other encyclopedia. Which means you should use it as a starting point, and then investigate the sources the article refers to. Lots of good questions here. Let's take them one at a time. Who stops the assholes from covering these articles in walls of ascii porn? Generally, just regular users, who spend hours and hours of their own time undoing stuff like this. Are the mods just that awesome? They appear to be good, but most of the work done to keep up the appearance (and in fact most of the work on the articles themselves) are written by regular people with no particular wikipedia-given powers. Is the vandalism just really easy to remove? Undoing vandalism is actually really easy, and smart people have made it extremely efficient and even created bots which will remove some particularly obvious vandalism. It's really hard to vandalize wikipedia for any length of time without going to a lot more effort than those undoing you.
Issues like this are usually due to mishandling of character encoding. Inside computers all data is stored a series of numbers. Basically, the old way of storing text is to use exactly one byte (eight bits; each bit is a 0 or 1) for every single letter. This is what ASCII is; in ASCII the numbers from 0 to 255 each correspond to a letter, for example the number 97 is lowercase a. The issue with this is that there are a lot more than 255 different characters that people want to use in text; even many Western European languages didn't have some of their symbols available. Asian languages, Eastern European, Hebrew and so on don't have any of their letters available in ASCII. This problem is solved by having a much larger range of letters called Unicode. Using this scheme they have an extremely large space for symbols, which allows them to have characters for silly things like smiley faces and snowmen. There are different ways for storing the Unicode characters; some of them just always use 16 or 32 bits for each character but that ends up not being very efficient for most Western-biased usages where almost all of the letters are from ASCII and only a few are "special". The most common way of encoding the charaters is called which is the same as ASCII for characters numbered 0 to 127, but the other characters use multiple bytes. UTF-8 has some nice properties that are beyond what I will mention here, but the important thing is if you accidentally try to read UTF-8 text as ASCII, any of the simple letters or numbers will look normal.
From working at the inside of a large public University. Lots of money is going towards the administrative costs. I saw a massive increase in admin positions vs. teaching/support staff positions. WSJ had a good article on this exact topic at the very end of 2012. Some more interesting excerpts. Many of the newly hired, it turns out, were doing little teaching. A Wall Street Journal analysis of University of Minnesota salary and employment records from 2001 through last spring shows that the system added more than 1,000 administrators over that period. Their ranks grew 37%, more than twice as fast as the teaching corps and nearly twice as fast as the student body. Across U.S. higher education, nonclassroom costs have ballooned, administrative payrolls being a prime example. The number of employees hired by colleges and universities to manage or administer people, programs and regulations increased 50% faster than the number of instructors between 2001 and 2011, the U.S. Department of Education says. Administrative employees make up an increasing share of the university's higher-paid people. The school employs 353 people earning more than $200,000 a year. That is up 57% from the inflation-adjusted pay equivalent in 2001. Among this $200,000-plus group, 81 today have administrative titles, versus 39 in 2001.
Here's my attempt at a simple explanation of why the jury acquitted Zimmerman. Because he was the defendant, the jury needed to find his guilt beyond a reasonable doubt. That means they need to be 95%+ sure that Zimmerman: (A) shot Martin; and (B) did not shoot Martin in self-defense. I.e., the state has the burden of proving beyond a reasonable doubt that there was no valid self defense. 2. Zimmerman claimed that while he was walking on the property, Martin jumped him, knocked him down, was beating him up, and tried to take his gun, at which point Zimmerman shot him. 3. The witness with the best view of the fight saw one person on top of another, beating him. He believed that the person on the bottom was wearing a red shirt. Zimmerman was wearing a red shirt (or jacket or sweatshirt). 4. Zimmerman had cuts on the back of his head that are consistent with it being hit against a sidewalk while he was on his back. 5. The coroner testified that the gunshot wound was consistent with Martin being shot while bending over someone.
I can't speak for the others, but most Chinese keyboards work using the pinyin system (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pinyin), which is a transliteration of the sounds of the language (so that it can be written in the letters of the English alphabet). Basically, you download a font package that puts a little icon on your task bar to switch between writing in English and writing in Chinese. When you have the Chinese font selected, you just type in a pinyin word using English characters, like "ma." The thing is, Chinese is a tonal language. That means you can say "ma" in many different ways and it means different things. There are five tones in Mandarin (high flat, rising, dipping down then up, sharp drop, and neutral). Just like with English, sometimes even the same sound means a different thing (e.g., "plane," "plain"). So for "ma," there are something like 80 possible words for the sound. You can type in just the English letters ("ma") or maybe the English letters plus the tone ("ma4," sharp drop in tone). When you type that in, a bunch of characters will appear just above your cursor and you can use the arrow keys or your mouse to select the right one. Usually, the characters appear in order of how common they are, so it doesn't take too long to find the right one. There's also keyboards that have character strokes, different types of lines that are used to compose a Chinese character. Because these strokes are used in a very specific order when writing any Chinese character, you could also use that keyboard by typing the strokes in the right order. I've never used that sort of keyboard, though.
On one hand, battery technologies have improved a bit - about 4-fold, since laptops were first invented. The very first portable computers ran on lead-acid batteries. Now we have lithium ion batteries, which have about 4 times the capacity (by weight). Other improvements have helped too - we have made much smaller transistors, which consume a lot less power... An "old" portable computer could run for maybe an hour. Your "new" cell phone can do an hour's-worth of the same computations in less than a second now. The battery-to-work ratio is probably hundreds of thousands of times better than it was in the 90s. The competing factor, the thing that "fights" our battery power, is customer expectations. Your computer has numerous extra features that kill battery life, from a display that is has 16 times as many pixels with 4 times more colors (that's 64 times more computation), to multiple modes of wireless connectivity. There are computers out there that have a battery that will 20 hours or more - but people rarely buy them. They are hundreds of times more powerful than early computers, but still not "modern enough". So, customers have struck a balance. The most popular products have reasonably good computation power, as well as a battery life that is good but not awesome or impractical.
Certain medals will let you receive benefits such as compensation, medical preference, educational (for yourself or family), and lower rates on things like license plates, free access to state parks. A lot of it varies by state, though. I wouldn't say "they mean squat" (especially coming from someone who didn't serve in the US military). Purple Heart Benefits Medal of Honor Benefits Edit: Just wanted to address some of the other comments: Yes, all service members get to use Tuition Assistance while in. Once you get out, you can use the GI Bill. You can transfer those benefits to a family member if you've been in at least 10 years. I know California and Indiana your child can attend a state school for a certain amount of credit hours (in Indiana where I live it's enough to get a Bachelors), but you often have to have a disability rating--not necessarily a Purple Heart of Medal of Honor. For example, in Indiana you only need a 10% rating. The medals OP asked about do have additional benefits. The stuff above is essentially a given, provided you meet the Time in Service requirements and the disability rating requirements. It does help with your medical preference so you have a somewhat easier time getting treated, as if you were given either of these, you'll probably need future treatment.
Hi. I've noticed that a lot of posts don't necessarily have to be posted here. I'm not taking ELI5 very literally, so I don't think answers have to make sense to a five year old, but just have to be simple in general. A lot of questions I see here don't need to be answered like someone's five. Answers that anybody might give would be simple enough without asking here for further simplifications. For example, Dolan. It's a sick twist on Disney comics. There. Was that so hard? I'm sure you would have gotten that answer on r/Answers or r/AskReddit had you not asked here. People put the ELI5 tag without realizing its significance. Let's start with the word 'explain'. Explaining is not the same thing as answering. Explaining is taking something and making it simple. Answering is not necessarily the same thing. It's giving a response to an answer, and it's up to the answerer to see if that answer is simple or not. There are a lot of good subreddits out there that you really need to check out. If you want scientific answers, go to r/AskScience. People there are more knowledgeable in science. If you don't understand their answer, ask them to simplify it. I'm sure that they'd be willing to do that. Also, please use the resources available to you. If you need help on a homework, your teachers, professors, or TA are your best sources for help. Also, a lot of the stuff you ask are far too broad to be answered here. For example, someone asked the history of Russia from 1990 on. You really can't explain that here. That would at least take a chapter from a good sized book. This is mostly a message out to the mods, who have yet to answer a lot of the mails that I've sent to them.
Other comments have hit on part of this explanation, but I'll try to tie it all together. The human species started in Africa. To protect ourselves from the harsh, direct sunlight, we evolved with higher levels of melanin in our bodies. This causes darker skin. Dark hair was also a favourable evolution - less light can pass through dark hair than light, protecting the skin. Over time as the human race migrated, mutation continued. In the branch that became "white", mutations that produced paler skin and lighter hair occurred. This was an advantageous mutation because these humans were living in areas with less direct sunlight, so needed to take advantage of the small amounts they were exposed to (we need sunlight to produce vitamin D). Through natural and self-selection, the genes for paler skin and blonde hair survived. Other mutations for lighter hair colours (lighter brown, red) remained for similar reasons. The reason that other races did not evolve blonde hair (in general, great link to the Solomon Islands case in another comment) is that: It did not give then an environmental advantage, so did not increase chances of survival/reproduction
Let's say you needed a watch. You come to me and ask me where you might be able to get a watch. I tell you, there's a watch shop down the block where watches are $100, or you could go talk to Donnie on the corner who sells watches for a dime each, but Donnie's watches are stolen. Here's the big question. What Donnie is doing is clearly illegal (selling stolen property), but have I done anything wrong in informing you about what Donnie does? This is basically what the Pirate Bay does, and it is a big ethical gray area. There are a bunch of people out there pirating copyrighted content. The Pirate Bay is like a phone book where you can easily look up all these people. The Pirate Bay does not actually host any of that illegal content. Edit: Many people have been pointing out I haven't addressed why TPB is still up, but other sites have been taken down. Since this is a big gray area, different countries have written different laws. Some countries have made it illegal to tell you where Donnie is selling his stolen watches. Some countries have not. TPB is based in Sweden where the laws are relatively more relaxed about this type of thing.
My explanation here is clearly intended to be as simple as possible. A much longer explanation is really in order, but here's the short and overly simplistic version. Jews were outsiders. They (pretty much) originated as a nomadic people. They kept wandering around to places that other people already called home, places like Egypt and Babylon. We'll call these non-nomadic people "landed people." Every time Jews showed up to a new town, village, or city, everyone already there saw them as outsiders that wanted to profit from what the "hard-working" landed people had made. "The Jews wanted to take their jobs," as the landed people saw it. 2) Jews kept to themselves and kept their own traditions, even when living inside of landed peoples' cities. From their beginning, people of the Jewish faith were a "devoutly insular group." They did not typically marry "outsiders," nor did they stay anywhere for too long, and they commonly didn't invite any outsiders in to participate in their "Jewish games" and other fun times. This made landed people feel like the Jews thought they (the Jews) were better than them (whichever landed people were currently getting pissed off at them, be it the Egyptians, the Babylonians, etc). So, during a time when a lot of areas were becoming more ethnically diverse (from wars, political maneuvering, etc.), Jews remained mostly ethnically insular. You can find this with the first few generations of almost any immigrant population in the world. The Jews kept it going strong for about 2,500 years though.
I'm seeing lots of good answers but I want to try too. Exposure: This is how affected the sensor/film has been by light. The amount of exposure controls what you'll be able to see in any given shot. For instance, if I take a photo of a building at night I have to choose between a high exposure so that I can see the building but the moon will be a white mess or a low exposure so that I can see the moon but the building will just be a black blob. The moon is the brightest thing in the picture so it doesn't take a lot to print itself onto your sensor/film. If you give it too much exposure then it will keep printing beyond what's necessary and that's when it all just goes white. The building isn't nearly as bright as the moon so it needs lots of exposure before the camera will be able to actually get any detail. There are 4 factors that control exposure. Lighting. Bright sunny days require next to no exposure. Night shooting requires oodles of exposure. Shutter speed. The faster your shutter is, the less light hits the film/sensor (but also the less chance there is for a blurry photo) Aperture. Your camera has a hole through which it takes the photo, the bigger the hole, the more light it lets through and the more exposed the photo is.
My understanding is that .onion sites are hosted just like regular websites except that the onion site cannot (normally) see the IP address of visitors to that site and visitors cannot (normally) see the IP address of the server hosting the site. Thus, it makes it extremely difficult for people to figure out where .onion sites are hosted, they simply know they are accessible through the Tor network. Just like on the normal web, there are web hosting companies that have thousands or even hundreds-of-thousands of clients who pay to host their website on the hosting company's servers. The hosting company offers server hardware connected to backbone internet networks and clients (e.g. businesses) pay to have software or their website hosted on that hardware. In many cases, there are multiple clients who have websites hosted on the same hardware (e.g. a single web server may serve 100 different websites). Anyway, the point is that it was not one individual who was shut-down but rather an entire hosting service. Should be self-explanatory now from what I mentioned above, but basically it's normally very difficult to determine where (i.e. which server) each onion site is hosted on unless the server can somehow be compromised to expose its IP address. Using whatever tactics they did, law enforcement managed to locate the servers for one particular hosting service and shut them down, but other hosting services are still operating.
As of now, the most plausible option is centrifugal centripetal centrifugal force. To accomplish that we'd have to build something resembling the inside of a washing machine. It would rotate at a high speed and stick people to the inside face of the outer ring, the same way that a spin cycle works. Even that would take billions of dollars to construct. Then we have tons of other hurdles of taking it into space without breaking it. Even testing it in a zero gravity environment would be incredibly difficult. In regards to artificial gravity, physicists don't really know why gravitation is so weak compared to the other three natural forces (electromagnetism, strong nuclear, and weak nuclear). So since they haven't found out how exactly that works, other than "Get a supermassive object and stand on it", it's not yet possible to create artificial gravity like you can create magnetism with copper wire, a nail, and a battery. Edit: Thanks /u/blastfemur /u/iwillyel /u/Eric-F-13 /u/infiniticomplex /u/Dakrys and /u/k0r3andud3 for pointing out it's centripetal and not centrifugal force! Edit2: A posse has come to meet the opposition of the centrifugal vs. centripetal battle, saying centrifugal force is legit.
Glenn's Cookies makes great choc chip cookies. They have a giant factory with millions of dollars worth of machinery, and hundreds of employees already. Walmart wants to make Walmart Cookies without investing millions in equipment, employees, land, buildings, trucks, everything needed to make cookies, and get them to the stores (or warehouse). So Walmart says to Glenn's, can you make them for us? So Glenn's uses slightly cheaper ingredients, a different package, and sells them to Walmart. Walmart puts a little mark up on them and sells them in store. It's useful for lots of reasons, the main being that most shoppers fall in to 2 categories. 1. I want the best cookies, and 2. I want the cheapest cookies. Walmart sells both, gets all the shoppers, and of course they buy lots more than just cookies when they go to Walmart. Sometimes Glenn's cookies and Walmart cookies, are bought from a third company. Pauline's food, makes cookies for Glenn's, Walmart, and several others but they don't sell their own brand. So they have low marketing cost, pretty constant demand for cookies, no worries about discount, and a very simple transport system (factory to warehouse). They just tweak the cookie recipe for different cookies, to tase a bit different, to be made cheaper, etc.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Floodplain "Historically, many towns have been built on floodplains, where they are highly susceptible to flooding, for a number of reasons: access to fresh water; the fertility of floodplain land for farming; cheap transportation, via rivers and railroads, which often followed rivers; ease of development of flat land" Floodplains are an amazing resource. I didn't see how often rivers flood, but if it is every 100 years, as you say, then you've also gotta take into account human lifespan. Most people don't make it to 100 years so there's a good possibility that many people who first moved to a particular floodplain may not have experienced the flooding, and only reaped the benefits of such a location. Everyone else stays because of a combination of those benefits and the fact that there is already a civilization there. As mentioned elsewhere, one could also ask why people live where earthquakes exist are common (CA, NZ), where fires like to ignite (I'm looking at you, LA), where blizzards happen, tornadoes, hurricanes, droughts...pretty soon there's almost nowhere to live. If you ever visit Egypt, almost everyone lives around the Nile and on the coast, because those are the most viable places to live.
LiquidMonocle gave a pretty good explaination but I'm just going to expand a little bit more. First let me explain two basic terms- Antigen- The tag that identifies something. These antigens exist, to help our body distinguish molecules as "self" or "non-self." Our immune system will recognize these antigens and react, or wont react. When there is an antigen-antibody reaction that is what causes the destruction of these cells and a massive clot forms. - In my analogy. The antigens are the Locks. And the Antibodies are the keys. When your body encounters a Lock that doesnt belong to you, it tries to destroy it (open it) Once your body encounters this lock, it has now seen it and has now seen its design. After encountering a foreign lock, your body will now make keys to open and destroy these locks. Some of these locks are small (ABO blood group) and the keys can be made immediately and the reaction occurs immediately. However the locks of Blood type of +/- (explained more detailed below) are relatively big and can take a while for the appropriate keys to be made. So you constantly have these keys floating around in your blood constantly looking for a compatible lock. When a key matches a lock, that's what activates your immune response, destroys the lock and in turn causes all the negative effects of a transfusion reaction (explained more below)
There are two big reasons: Infrastructure and Monopolies/greed. America is huge. Really huge. I hear it's hard for some Europeans to even comprehend its size, considering there's a couple STATES that all of England could fit into. From tip of Maine to coast of California is almost a week of driving 14+ hours/day, if not more. This means in order for a company to build up a strong network across the country takes a lot of time, manpower, and money. So it's hard for any new companies to form, because forming new infrastructure is a MASSIVE investment which takes a really long time to recover from. Why not just upgrade the existing infrastructure then? Well, that's where point two comes in. Because the infrastructure is so expensive, there's only so much of it to go around, and only a handful of companies big enough to manage it all. Comcast, AT&T, Verizon, to name a few, own the vast majority of the cables that make up the internet in America. The onus is on them to perform these upgrades. In fact, the government even gave them money to do just that. Instead of delivering on the promise of "We'll take this money and build infrastructure", they used some legal trickery to end up pocketing most of it, while not upgrading the networks nearly as much as they should have. So you've got these companies that own existing infrastructure that refuse to upgrade it. The market should dictate that someone willing to come in and perform those upgrades could compete, right? Well, turns out the cable companies have agreements in place where they won't compete in certain regions. In cases where they don't, they even get local governments to sign agreements saying they won't let their competitors come in and build new infrastructure to compete with them (usually in exchange for a few years of cheap rates for their community). So now you have existing, mediocre infrastructure with no way to compete against it without building an entirely new network. You can see how this monopoly would be hard to break.
There are different elements at work in what you refer to as "black sounding" names. The names that are popular for Black babies born today are not the same ones that were popular 10 years ago. As another contributor here mentioned, during the civil rights movement black people started to try to redefine their culture as one of pride, instead of oppression. One of the ways they did that was to reject the European and often classical names they'd been given up to that point. (Some of the most popular "slave names" for example, were from Greek and Roman history. A few were obscure Biblical names. Those were given to slaves by their masters to show how educated and worldly the masters were.) In the French speaking south, names with the prefixes "De-" and "La" because more popular as they were a way of connecting a child to their father. Those prefixes were simply added to European names. They connote "son of" or "daughter of" respectively. Once civil rights were enacted, there was an embracing of names that "sounded" African. The prefixes were still often attached, now more for their style than for any paternal link to the name. Now, Black Americans are using a pretty diverse group of names. There are some names that are much more popular with Blacks than with Whites, including Neveah, Messiah, King, and others of that ilk. The "La" names have fallen far out of fashion. I've been studying names for about 30 years, but I'm not a professional. A wonderful source for information about the sociology of names and naming is Laura Wattenberg. She has written a very smart book and a wonderful website, including a blog.
Practically none. Iraq was invaded because the neocons thought they could remake the Middle East into a region of free-market democracies by toppling dictators. The easiest one to topple was Hussein, but the only clear excuse they could all agree on to do so was the WMDs. Everyone thought he had them, even if there was no proof, so they "stovepiped" intelligence - pushing raw, dubious intel up the chain without critical analysis in order to bolster their weak argument - and supported intelligence they probably knew was phony. They believed they would find WMDs, we would be welcomed as liberators, we would reshape the Middle East in our favor (which has too many benefits to list, control of oil being only one), and we would remind the rest of the world that our military is still number one and we can use it where and how we wish to enforce our will (the subtext there is, after the end of the Cold War, the neocons were worried the military-industrial complex would lose its relevance and, therefore, its bottomless well of money). TL;DR: the money to be made from Iraqi oil is nowhere near as important as the money to be made from the US military-industrial-security complex. Edit: forgot about Curveball.
Imagine you are a person living in an apartment with some other people. You are not treated well. They harass you, they try to undermine your business dealings, they generally cause you problems. One day, one of them beats the ever loving shit out of you. You escape the apartment alive, but find yourself homeless. You are living at a friend's house, but apparently start to get on his nerves. You tell him all about the house your grandparents helped to build, and your parent's lived in for a long time that means a great deal to your family. All the legends and folklore of your family take place in that house. But you are aware that someone else is living in it now. So one day, your friend says, "look, I have some powerful connections, and I'm going to get you back your old house." You are overjoyed about this, but know it will be a struggle, because of the other inhabitant. So you get with the police and go to this house. A man answers the door. The cops tell him that you used to live in this house, and that it has been passed down the generations in your family, and that you are going to live there again. They tell him how some bullies took the house from your family many years ago.
To understand why the protests are happening, you need to understand some of the history of Turkey as a nation, and the Ottoman Empire before it. To understand the Ottoman Empire, you need to understand the Islamic concept of a caliphate. So, here goes: In the Islamic world, there has always been the concept of a "caliph," which in Arabic means "successor"– a successor to Muhammad. Sometimes, people think of a caliph like a "Muslim Pope," which isn't really accurate. The concept of a caliphate and a caliph isn't tied to any particular region. Instead, the idea is that the Caliph represents all Muslims, and has the authority to speak for them. In the most basic terms, it's a symbol of where power in the Islamic world rests at any given time. Here's where the Ottoman Empire comes in. As one of the most powerful states in the world for a few centuries, it was natural that the Caliphate was based in Constantinople, the capital of the Ottoman Empire, for most of that time. It's for this reason that the Ottoman Empire is often considered the fourth (and last) caliphate. Now comes Turkey. After World War I, the Ottoman Empire collapsed, and the war's victors were already circling like vultures, ready to pick apart Ottoman territory. However, there was a guy named Mustafa Kemal (or Ataturk, meaning father of all Turks)– he is basically the George Washington of Turkey, and it was with his leadership that Turkey managed to survive as a single state. Here's the catch: Ataturk also established a strong tradition of secularism in the Turkish state, and he
Not sure if this is good for a five year old but tried to keep it simplistic. China has very few markets for regular people to invest in other than the housing market. The regular people do however have lots of saved cash and are very afraid of inflation (their money will become weaker and they'll lose money in the banks) so they dont' want it all sitting in the bank. So this led to a huge investment of money into the housing market. With this huge investment many people became VERY rich and powerful and grew to become very good freinds with government leaders. These leaders kept the housing market going and pretended not to see the housing bubble being created for a long time because everyone was making so much money. By the time they realized it was a problem it was too late and the bubble was too big to allow it to burst. To solve this problem the government decided to slow down construction of houses, but they couldn't stop it completely or people might panic and collapse the bubble. Plus because the construction industry is so big, it helps many other industries grow as well and shutting down the construction industry would probably collapse many other markets int he country and many people would lose money and jobs.
Assuming you're in the US. Start by wearing shoes and other items of clothing that are easy to slip on and off. The hardest part of flying is usually the security check. If you haven't printed your ticket at home, you will need to get it before going through security. There are many booths separated by Airline with very long lines. You can often use the self-serve booth if you are not checking a bag, as this will be much faster. (Don't forget your passport and other credentials when flying out of the country.) Once done here, you will go through security. Take off your belt, jewelry, etc. before getting to the front of the line. Act naturally with the guard that checks your ticket. He or she will likely ask you questions about your name, age, and destination. Put all metal, loose items, LAPTOP, shoes, etc. in the tray once you get to the x-ray machine and put your backpack on the conveyor belt itself. You may be "randomly chosen" to go through the full body x-ray screener, in which case, you should just follow their instructions. Wait for the guard to wave you through, and step into the metal detector. Pick up your items on the other side of the machine, get out of the way, and put them back where they belong. Make your way to your Gate (printed on the ticket) and wait until your flight is called. They will call passengers over the intercom system by Section (A, B, C, D, etc.) When you hear your section, line up with your ticket in hand and proceed through the checkpoint. Say Hi to the flight attendants if they greet you (they like this kind of stuff). Quickly make your way to your seat and SIT DOWN. Everyone will get annoyed if you're the guy blocking the aisle. They will go through a safety demonstration. If someone needs to get to the seat on the other side of you, just stand up and let them walk past.
There are a variety of complaints against Mother Teresa. Here are some of the most common. 1- She accepted donations from shady sources including infamous 3rd world dictators and embezzled funds. She also associated with various questionable figures, and took sides in Indian politics. 2- She used very little of the donations for actual charity. Much of the donations she received went to either missionary work or the general RCC funds, even when earmarked for charity. The exact proportion is unknown because she refused to release any info except where absolutely required by law. 3- The medical care she offered did not meet standards, even for third world hospice care. And quotes like this, "I think it is very beautiful for the poor to accept their lot, to share it with the passion of Christ. I think the world is being much helped by the suffering of the poor people," and "the most beautiful gift for a person that he can participate in the sufferings of Christ," certainly don't put her in the best light. Her goal was never to treat the poor sick. Her goals were conversion and to help people suffer properly to prepare their souls for the afterlife. Added to this the fact that she went to western hospitals when she herself got sick, makes her look like a hypocrite as well.
Here’s a good summary. But the main theme is that the government is collecting a lot of data, but not looking at it. I’ve organized the most important facts below. Legal Authority: Section 215 of the Patriot Act allows the government to get any personal information from anyone if they can prove to a special court that they need this information to investigate terrorism or spies. The Patriot Act is complex and I’m a little drunk, but I recall there being other provisions, too. Timing: The NSA makes an application to a special “FISA” court every 90 days, showing why this data needs to be collected. Once they get the data, the NSA retains it for 5 years in a separate database (MARINA) accessible by only a special, authorized group (people in the RAGTIME P program). Data collected: The government has to follow very different procedures for “wiretapping” phone calls. The data they’re collecting is much less invasive, but still really serious. Basically, they get the telephone records that Verizon is already keeping about those calls. This includes who made and received phone calls; when they were made; how long they lasted; and sometimes, where the phones were during the calls. : Verizon gives all of the above data to the government. But it doesn’t want to, and refused until the government got a FISA court order.
