It's because what once was fluid has become static. No matter what you do, you'll never get that story to move like it did before. I liken it to watching over the shoulder of a true-life painter as he puts a busy street on the canvas. What will he include and not include? Where will each new brushstroke take you? The wonderment that fills you as the blank canvas becomes filled with people and cars and trees and animals is the truest joy of reading. But then you start to notice how little blank canvas is left - how few pages you have left to turn. And you are filled with an implacable dread, because you know it's almost over. The mystery is fleeing; it's coming to an end and all you can do is keep watching. And then it's over. He lets you keep the painting. You put it up in your bedroom with the rest and you know that at any point in the rest of your life, you can go back and look at it again, but it just won't be the same. Because you're not watching it in real-time anymore. The street you saw bustling with life is now dried on paper. That post-book depression is the longing for the words on the pages to move for you like they did the first time you read them. When you didn't know what the next paragraph held and the world in which the characters found themselves was entirely without limit. Because any time you re-read the story, you know that they aren't free to roam anywhere like they were before. They are stuck in a cart on a track and all you can hope for is to notice something about the scene you didn't before, and to just try to relive those feelings you had the first time around.
Alright so I like lists that are in a printable format. I did the list here and at the end I went through and got most of the top level 'why isn't this one on there?' suggestions as well. -----------------   Above Top 50   -----------------   Ubik - Philip K. Dick Ender’s Game - Orson Scott Card The Lord of the Rings trilogy - J.R.R. Tolkien The Handmaid’s Tale - Margaret Atwood Dhalgren - Samuel R. Delany A Song of Ice and Fire - George R.R. Martin The Gormenghast series - Mervyn Peake The Moon Is a Harsh Mistress - Robert A. Heinlein Kindred - Octavia Butler The Left Hand of Darkness - Ursula K. Le Guin Nine Princes in Amber - Roger Zelazny Jonathan Strange & Mr. Norrell - Susanna Clarke Slaughterhouse-Five - Kurt Vonnegut The City & The City - China Miéville The Once and Future King - T.H. White The Mists of Avalon - Marion Zimmer Bradley Zone One - Colson Whitehead The Harry Potter series - J.K. Rowling The Time Quartet - Madeleine L’Engle The Chronicles of Narnia - C.S. Lewis His Dark Materials - Philip Pullman The Female Man - Joanna Russ Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea - Jules Verne Brown Girl in the Ring - Nalo Hopkinson Solaris - Stanislaw Lem The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy - Douglas Adams The Dune Chronicles - Frank Herbert Nineteen Eighty-Four - George Orwell Snow Crash - Neal Stephenson The Stars My Destination - Alfred Bester Neuromancer - William Gibson American Gods - Neil Gaiman The Foundation series - Isaac Asimov Discworld - Terry Pratchett Alice’s Adventures in Wonderland - Lewis Carroll Among Others - Jo Walton Brave New World - Aldous Huxley The Last Unicorn - Peter S. Beagle The Drowned World - J.G. Ballard Witch World - Andre Norton Something Wicked This Way Comes - Ray Bradbury The Time Machine - H.G. Wells Never Let Me Go - Kazuo Ishiguro Little - Big - John Crowley The Dragonriders of Pern series - Anne McCaffrey How to Live Safely in a Science Fictional Universe - Charles Yu The Enchanted Forest Chronicles - Patricia C. Wrede The Castle trilogy - Diana Wynne Jones The Giver - Lois Lowry
Speaking as a geneticist, I like this but have an alternative theory of my own. From a genetics perspective, I am not sure they ever really justify why a Trinucleotide repeat disorder is any more likely an answer than a simple deletion/insertion mutation on any other autosomal locus. A gain-of-function mutation as simple as a 1 BP (non-silent) substitution (which is lost in Squibs) is much more concise. If you want a fancy explanation for it's near-100% heritability, perhaps a good bet would be a (perhaps magically stabilised) extrachromosomal entity. This could carry the "wizard gene" and would have very high heritability (assuming only one copy is required). Indeed, using this kind of DNA for (usually somatic) gene therapy is an active area of research. What I like best about this explanation is that, if the "wizarding extrachromosomal entity" (WEE) is functional present as a single copy, then only one parent needs to have a single WEE for it to passed on most of the time. If it replicates itself then you can guarantee that nearly every gamete will have a copy. Then, regardless of whether the other parent has it or not the zygote (i.e eventual baby) will have it. Perhaps a dose-response ratio of the WEE explains differential wizarding strength as well as likelihood of heritability! If the WEE acts like a multicopy plasmid does (albeit with highly limited ability for self replication outside of meiosis - this would require some very fancy novel DNA replication architecture), then an increase in the number of WEEs would make you a stronger wizard (greater abundance of the gene product) and more likely to have strong wizarding offspring (and MUCH less likely to produce squibs). As with gene therapy presently, extrachromosomal entities are very unusual and are usually a hallmark of cancer or viral infection. The key point here being that it is possible to artificially introduce this DNA into someone, meaning that muggle-born wizards could be the product of a muggle parent who acquired a WEE (in their germline) through viral infection or other (perhaps even magical?) means. Of course for this to arise in the first place it must have been possible through some highly unlikely evolutionary event to produce an ancestral WEE naturally, so perhaps muggleborns are just a result of de novo WEE formation.
(page of the book against the glass on page 476): " after the last time, she was a bit more hesitant to take things as serious but could not detract her innate desire of wanting to find all she could about what had happened. Though her closest confidantes convinced her she was overly suspicious, she had to know for herself. Convinced of what she had to do, Mary let the phone ring and poured the first drink of the afternoon thinking only of what she reluctantly had to do. Afternoons on the pier were her secret pleasure. Not a hidden thing but who would care? Who would understand how walking barefoot over cedar boards calmed her to the point of near seduction? She preferred to keep these thoughts and feelings to herself. The phone buzzed again but somehow the wake of jet skiers racing over the lake was more entertaining to her attention and after five minutes of self-perpetuated ADD, Mary found herself in the place she wanted to be in her mind: Away from the contract, away from home and finally back in touch with the remnants of dreams she treasured so.
This post has its roots in a post from r/booklists which linked to a blog post about the "Top 10 Top 100 Book Lists". This post linked to 10+ "Top 100" book lists from sources such as TIME magazine, Entertainment Weekly, Modern Library, etc. They were all in such different formats, and such different ways of being presented that I wanted to amalgamate all of these into one master "list" in order to compare them (thirteen lists in total since I also added in the first 100 of the Reddit's 200 favorite books). I have since thrown this into a pdf file on Scribd if anyone is interested. My next step was to compare each of these and see what books are most recommended in top lists. I omitted two lists (100 most influential books ever written and 100 Major works of creative nonfiction) since there was VERY LITTLE overlap between the other lists which were primarily fiction. I made one giant list that combined 11 "Top 100" Book Lists. The complete table, again available as a PDF on Scribd lists all the books I'm the left hand column and all the lists along the top. An 'X' denotes that the book was included in that list regardless of position. The books are sorted vertically by the number of lists in which the book is included. If you don't want to see the entire lists, a quick summary is shown below. The top 26 (those that were recommended by 6/11 lists or more are: Catch-22 by Joseph Heller - (10/11 Lists) Lolita by Vladimir Nabokov - (10/11 Lists) The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald - (10/11 Lists) Invisible Man by Ralph Ellison - (9/11 Lists) Slaughterhouse-5 by Kurt Vonnegut - (9/11 Lists) The Catcher in the Rye by J.D. Salinger - (9/11 Lists) The Sound and The Fury by William Faulkner - (9/11 Lists) 1984 by George Orwell - (8/11 Lists) Beloved by Toni Morrison - (8/11 Lists) The Grapes of Wrath by John Steinbeck - (8/11 Lists) To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee - (8/11 Lists) The Sun Also Rises by Ernest Hemingway - (7/11 Lists) An American Tragedy by Theodore Dreiser - (6/11 Lists) Atlas Shrugged by Ayn Rand - (6/11 Lists) Brave New World by Alduos Huxley - (6/11 Lists) Gone With the Wind by Margaret Mitchell - (6/11 Lists) Midnight’s Children by Salman Rushdie - (6/11 Lists) My Antonia by Willa Cather (1918) - (6/11 Lists) On the Road by Jack Kerouac - (6/11 Lists) The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn by Mark Twain - (6/11 Lists) The Heart is A Lonely Hunter by Carson Mccullers- (6/11 Lists) The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy by Douglas Adams - (6/11 Lists) The Tropic of Cancer by Henry Miller (1934) - (6/11 Lists) Their Eyes Were Watching God by Zora Neale Hurston - (6/11 Lists) To the Lighthouse by Virginia Woolf - (6/11 Lists) Ulysses by James Joyce - (6/11 Lists)
Catcher in the Rye, Brave New World, Catch 22, repeat ad nauseum. All great books, but we all knew that already. So here is my list of other must reads. None of them are all that obscure, but they're all really great books for one reason or another. I'm adding some stuff to the original list, like whether the book is a series and how many and stuff, just to clear up confusion Edit: 2:30pm OK I'm going to go back and edit this so it looks like less of a mess. A Town Like Alice- Nevil Shute (My favorite book ever. The one I would pick to save from a burning library) (wow I could not have spelled his name less correctly) Salt- Mark Kurlansky The Thief and The Queen of Attolia- Megan Whalen Turner Edit: seems like no one else has read this one. Seriously, one of the best books I have ever read. It's sort of an ancient Greek fantasy heist story espionage thriller. The Thief won a Newbery Honor but The Queen of Attolia is where is gets REALLY awesome. READ THEM. It's a series of currently 4 books, 5th is on the way The Third Policeman- Flan OBrien Revenge- Stephen Fry Band of Brothers- Stephen Ambrose All Creatures Great and Small- James Herriot The Twenty One Balloons- William Pene Dubois The Painted Veil- Somerset Maugham Stardust- Neil Gaiman The Princess Bride- William Goldman Cuchulain of Muirthemne- Lady Augusta Gregory translation The Penderwicks- Jeannie Birdsall (series of 3) The Piano Shop on the Left Bank- Thad Carhart Shopgirl- Steve Martin An Unsuitable Job for a Woman- PD James The Daughter of Time- Josephine Tey To Say Nothing of the Dog- Connie Willis Sabriel- Garth Nix (series of 3, 4th on the way) Dealing with Dragons- Patricia C Wrede (series of 4, another series just arrived, Thirteenth Child and Across the Barrier) The Hunt for Red October- Tom Clancy (give it a chance, it's really good!) The Squire's Tale- Gerald Morris (series of 8 or 9) OK has no one else heard of this guy? Do you want to laugh till you piss yourself? Ok then, go read Morris. Now, Voyager- Olive Higgins Prouty The Last September Asterix and Obelix- Goscinny et Underzo TinTin- Hergé Flashman's Lady- George MacDonald Frasier (series of many) Good Omens- Terry Pratchett and Neil Gaiman (the audiobook is also good) Swallows and Amazons- Arthur Ransome (series of many) Danny Champion of the World- Roald Dahl (did you know that there's a movie? With Jeremy Irons and his son, Sam Irons? SO CUTE) Tinker Tailor- John Le Carre The Devil's Dictionary- Ambrose Bierce (best bathroom book. I keep a copy in our WC for the amusement and edification of guests. Speaking of which, look up the definition of Guest) The Ordinary Princess- MM Kaye Catwings- Ursula le Guin (series of 4) Mr Revere and I (also Ben and Me and Captain Kid's Cat)- Robert Lawson Carry on Mr Bowditch- Jenny Latham Redwall- Brian Jaques (also the Redwall Cookbook if you're really looking for a giggle) (series of many many many) The Reluctant Dragon- Kenneth Graham (yes THAT Kenneth Graham, also look for the audiobook read by none other than Boris motherfucking Karloff. It will make your life better, I promise) Kenny and the Dragon- Tony Diterlizzi Basin and Range- John Mcphee Circles- James Burke (seriously awesome, go check it out NOW) (now that I think about it, this is one of the reddit-iest books ever, if redditism can be called a thing) The Right Stuff- Thomas Wolfe The Shadow Series- Orson Scott Card (ignore his personal politics, these are actually interesting and very good page turners) The Boat that Wouldn't Float- Farley Mowat Apollo 13- Jim Lovell Billy Budd- Herman Melville The Wolves of Willoughby Chase- Joan Aiken (also Nightbirds on Nantucket) Tomatoland- Estabrook Trickster's Choice- Tamora Peirce (depressed_realist reminded me of Peirce. All her books are good, but the Alanna series, the Wild Magic series are EXCELLENT and the best ones of all are Trickster's Choice and Trickster's Queen. But you kind of have to read Allana first, or they won't be as good) And Finally The Grey Seas Under by Farley Mowat, which I think is the best book ever written. And of course the sequel, The Serpent's Coil. Everything by the following authors: Terry Pratchett Dorothy L Sayers CS Forester PG Wodehouse Christopher Moore Bill Bryson (Especially In A Sunburnt Country) John Mortimer OK I added him! Mark Kurlansly!! Neil Gaiman James Burke Arthur Ransome John Le Carre Susan Cooper (She's most famous for The Dark is Rising but also check out The Boggart. And let's all just pretend that movie never happened.) Edit I'm off to work after a glorious two days off so I'll be collecting a whole new harvest of books. I'll post more tonight. See you in a few hours folks.
Speaking as a former flight attendant: After each flight the plane is cleaned either by contracted cleaners (usually at a hub like Dallas for American) or the crew (at outstations). They are primarily looking for trash, and often they don't catch things like books/magazines/e-readers after each flight, especially if they don't distort the seat pocket. So it's possible your book won't be found at your departure or arrival city. If I ever found something in a seat back pocket I would always turn it into the gate agent. If the passenger came back for it soon, the gate agent might have it at the podium, if not then it would probably be in the lost and found. However, I frequently found that some gate agents and flight attendants don't try very hard with books because they don't think the passengers care that much about them (because they infrequently come looking for them). Because of that, I'd often find a pile of left behind books and magazines on the plane that were kind of a communal library for the flight attendants and pilots to use. In case something like that has happened, you might try the following-- print up a sign/flyer explaining the situation (what you've lost, why it's important, and your contact info) and ask a ticket or gate agent if they can post the sign in the AA crew room, which is where flight attendants and pilots hang out between flights at an airport.
Hello reddit, this post is about Carrie and her books. Carrie is the owner of Once Sold Tales, a book store 10 miles south of Seattle. Times have not been good to bookstores and Carrie is closing her store. She currently has about half a million books that she wants to find homes for. Because housing all these books is now costing more than she or her business can afford, Carrie is left with few options. If nothing is done, she will have to pulp all books left unsold. While there are many pounds of books, nobody wants that. I know reddit is (rightly so) critical of help requests. Money is not the goal of this post, rather, Carrie wants to get people reading again. If you live in the Seattle area and want to visit her warehouse, here is where you can find it: 22442 72nd Ave S, Kent, WA (Google maps link - http://goo.gl/maps/NQUYk ) Here is her website: http://www.oncesoldtales.com/ where you can order something to get shipped out. Here is a photo album: http://imgur.com/a/WnlQU Carrie will be operating her website and selling books at the warehouse (1$ for paperbacks, 2$ for hardback, or 1.50$/lb) until the end of May. If she can afford to go a bit longer, she will. She is going to be offering reddit a special deal if there is interest. I'd be lying if I said the idea wasn't mine. Details are still getting worked out but it looks like 10 dollars for 8 books or 18 for 16. Details forthcoming as well as how to actually make the order. (price includes all taxes and shipping for continental US, so the plan goes atm) (EDIT: Product being offered to reddit is a grab-bag, I don't believe titles can be chosen, most likely general categories. Please comment on what you would be looking for or what structure you think would work best) (EDIT2: More details for the grab bag are being requested. Specifically kids books. Since they are way lighter and the bag pricing is dictated by shipping costs (there is really little overhead sadly) a kids books selection would have way more books. No clue on specific. Stay tuned) (EDIT3 The reddit grab bag is not live yet. Purchases from the site are full price and there is not yet the opportunity to buy things super discounted online. Please, be patient, I am working with Carrie to get the electronic side of things figured out. I promise I won't leave people hanging) (EDIT4: I'm a moron. Thats pretty standard, but there is a Facebook page. www.facebook.com/OnceSoldTales ) (EDIT5: There are too many responses! Holy cow, and I thought I could reply to everyone :/. I need to get some rest, I have a job to get to in the morning, but I WILL be back and I WILL have more answers to more questions. This includes shipping internationally, options to donate money/books, and of course specifics for the reddit grab bag. Goodnight reddit, thanks for helping Carrie find a home for her books) FULL DISCLOSURE: I used to read books all the time and when I found out about what Carrie is going through, I wanted to help. I'm not getting paid and I'm not an employee. If you think my photos are a little too good, thank you! I am a hobbyist photographer and appreciate the compliment. If you think they suck, let me know why (might as well get better at it). Carrie is hard to get a hold of, but I will do my best to help answer questions, update the post with as much info as I can, and pass along anything you would like me to. The final act: http://www.reddit.com/r/books/comments/1fbjmh/500000_books_final_update_and_end_of_the_story/
My wife teaches a special program for kids deemed too "dangerous" to be on campus at a low-income title 1 high school. Her class consists of mostly freshman boys, and I thought Ender's Game would be a good book to get them interested in reading. Unfortunately her kids are pretty low on the pecking order so it's very hard to get school funds directed her way and she can't get a classroom set of books. If any of you have an old copy of Ender's Game (or any other books you can spare for that matter) laying around you can donate she would really appreciate it! Also, if you have any other suggestions of good books that might get this demographic interested in reading she'd love to hear them. Thanks! Please send any books to: PLUS Program El Cajon Valley High School 1035 E. Madison Ave. El Cajon, CA 92021 TLDR: Wife teaches the "Dangerous Minds" class at her high school and can use any old books you have laying around - especially :Ender's Game". EDIT: Her class is 20 kids (so I just need 20 copies) EDIT: Thanks for all the upboats! I think we may have enough Ender's Games - but any extras she gets will be donated to the school library and any other random books you send will be much appreciated (and hopefully well read ;) EDIT: Front page! Fact - Redditors are awesome. EDIT: I'm positive my wife (and all the local libraries) just got enough Ender's Games - however if you still would like to help these kids out there are a lot of fabulous suggestions for different books by other Redditors in the comments: The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian by Sherman Alexie, Monster by Walter Dean Myers, The Giver by Lois Lowry A big Thank You to all who commented and upvoted. My wife came home from work today where she had one of "her worst days ever" with fights, death threats, etc. and I showed her this post and she was moved to tears reading all your comments and seeing such generosity. So thanks again (you made me proud Reddit). w00t - the wife's a Redditor now - "iamtheteacherwife"
For those of you who don't know, F. Scott Fitzgerald adored the original cover for The Great Gatsby. In fact, the cover wasn't even a part of the story, but Fitzgerald managed to weasel a way for it to be included. The cover of The Great Gatsby is among the most celebrated pieces of art in American literature. A little-known artist named Francis Cugat was commissioned to illustrate the book while Fitzgerald was in the midst of writing it. The cover was completed before the novel, with Fitzgerald so enamored of it that he told his publisher he had "written it into" the novel. Fitzgerald's remarks about incorporating the painting into the novel led to the interpretation that the eyes are reminiscent of those of Dr. T. J. Eckleburg (the novel's erstwhile optometrist on a faded commercial billboard near George Wilson's auto repair shop) which Fitzgerald described as "blue and gigantic — their retinas are one yard high. They look out of no face, but instead, from a pair of enormous yellow spectacles which pass over a non-existent nose." Although this passage has some resemblance to the painting, a closer explanation can be found in the description of Daisy Buchanan as the "girl whose disembodied face floated along the dark cornices and blinding signs".
The Wheel of Time. I dedicated 12+ years of my life to this series. I don't think I've anticipated anything more than A Memory of Light, and like an idiot I burned through it in a couple of days. I couldn't stop myself. Then the sadness broke through like a post-mastubatory guilt. I still can't believe it's over. However, just like I did with the Dark Tower, I'll start the whole thing over again soon. Re-reading them knowing the ending may be even more fun. Plus, if the series is good, the journey vs the end yadda yadda... Edit: I am so happy to see so many fans of Randland! Thanks for all the comments. To anybody asking if they should read WoT, I can't answer that question. Everybody has their own experience with it. I have some friends that tried and couldn't get into it, and that is completely understandable. (Sacrilegious as it may be, I had this experience with Dune.) However, if you are a fan of strong character development and a rich, flushed out world that almost leaps off the pages, I would highly recommend it. Also, I rarely feel guilty after I masturbate. :) Edit 2: Shoutout to /u/karanj for mentioning r/WoT. Just in case anybody hasn't been there yet.
Well after reading this I just had to figure out what was going on - from the wikipedia page In the novel's commentary, Goldman writes that he added nothing to the "original" Morgenstern text, although he comments that he did write one original scene, a loving reunion between Buttercup and Westley, but claimed that his publisher objected to this addition.[5] He invited any reader who wanted to read the "Reunion Scene" to write to the publisher (formerly Harcourt Brace Jovanovich; now Random House) and request a copy. Many readers wrote in to the publisher and did receive a letter, but instead of an extra scene, the letter detailed the (obviously fictitious) legal problems that Goldman and his publishers encountered with the Morgenstern estate and its lawyer, Kermit Shog. This letter was revised and updated periodically; the 1987 revision mentioned the movie, while the 25th Anniversary Edition publishes the letter with an addendum about Kermit's lawyer granddaughter Carly. The 30th Anniversary Edition has a footnote at this point saying that you can now find the three pages of the reunion scene online. However, if one goes to the website detailed in the footnote, all they receive via email is the text of the three letters. I also thought the opening line from the Wikipedia page was interesting (bolding mine) -
He saw the trailer for the movie and really wants to see it. I figured he should read the book first so I gave it to him this evening and he couldn't put it down. It makes me so happy to see him getting to experience one of my childhood favorites for the first time. Edit: For everyone giving me a hard time for supporting a bigot (among other things) here is a quote frome Neil Gaiman: "If I were only allowed to read or enjoy art or listen to music made by people whose opinions and beliefs were the same as mine, I think the world would be a pretty dismal sort of a place." While I don't agree with the author, I can enjoy his work. You of course have the right to not support him. But please don't try to force your oppions on others. So please instead of negative comments try posting about sharing your love of books with someone you love. That is what my post is about after all. Edit 2: Thanks for the kind words from everyone! He's really enjoying it so far. Probably would have finished it already but he had to do homework first :)
So, people like to make lists; more importantly, they also like to criticize lists and fight over them. This is why lists are always the books one should read, or books that you must read before you die or the Top 50 Books of All Time. However, these lists are geared this way because it makes it easier to argue about a list, and to criticize it, not because it makes the list any more helpful. It's hard to argue with just a plain old helpful list. After all, there are many reasons (good or bad) to dispute whether Dickens deserves to be on the Top 50 All Time List (see my comment history), but it is nearly impossible to dispute a list that merely wants to be a list of books I have read that I think you all might enjoy if this is your sort of thing. This explains a lack of this kind of list: we can't fight over a list like this, and if we can't fight over something then why talk about it at all? However, this might be the most needed kind of list. After all, if I am looking for a good book I don't need a list of the best authors of all time. I already know who Shakespeare is, and I have already rejected him as a candidate for my next reading adventure. What I need is a list of books that are also good, but not typically very well known. This means that a list like this cannot, as a matter of first principals, be a list of the best. So, this list will have the dual advantage of being helpful, and will generate a less argumentative response. So, without any more rambling on my part, I give you: Sartorialconundrum's list of twelve books that might help you change the way you think about things. The idea behind this list is that each of them take a different view than the established ideology in their field, or they take on a myth that we have come to take for granted in our way of thinking, or they are stories that don't quite follow a traditional character arc. The books cover politics, history, science, economics, literature, and journalism. The Structure of Scientific Revolutions, by Thomas Khun. The Golden Bough, by Sir George James Frazier. The Assault, by Harry Mulisch The Skeptic, A Life of H.L. Mencken, by Terry Teachout. America's Great Depression, by Murray Rothbard. The Republic, by Plato. The God of Small Things, by Arundati Roy. Financial Reckoning Day, by Bill Bonner and Addison Wiggin. Selected Poems, by Ranier Maria Rilke. Lanark, by Alasdair Gray. Orlando, by Virginia Woolf. The Dangling Man, by Saul Bellow. Everything is this list is a little off. Some you might never have heard of (Lanark), others are lesser-known works by well known authors (Orlando). Others are monumental works, but in a field you might not be acquainted with (how many people in here are well-versed in Anglo-American Analytic philosophy?). One is a lesser known poet from Bohemian Paris that most people don't read because his contemporaries out-shined him (Rilke). One is a recent bestselling novel that I chose because the author looks at her heritage differently than any other author I have read (Roy). One novel treats tragedy differently than most would (The Assault), while another deals with ambiguity in modern life (The Dangling Man). If you are looking for something different, I recommend any of the above. Regards, Sartorial Conundrum. Edit: As one comment corrected me, I accidently wrote down the blog name instead of the book title. Financial Reckoning Day is a literary/historical approach to economics/investing, The Daily Reckoning is the blog that came of it. PS I am glad this got such a good response. I would like to see more of this collaboration. Arguing over what is in the canon is boring. Talking about books is not boring. Lastly, I promised an explanation for why I recommend all of these books, I.E., how they changed my mind. Right now it is late, I am tired, and I have a bottle of Dewars. I will leave the exegesis for tomorrow. Good Night!
People are going to get Happy Meals regardless, but this is still marketing. This whole thing McDonalds are doing in the UK (not sure if it's the same in the US) of tossing out the whole red/white plastic Ronald McDonald interior and replacing it with a more artsy-looking layout, moving their advertisements away from getting kids excited about the toys towards attempting to show how their food is now healthier and better quality than the fatty, unhealthy greasy stuff you'd associate with them, and now giving out books instead of Happy Meals, it's almost trying to reinvent themselves, cast off the image of the garish kid's fast food place and be seen as a very upmarket yet cheap place to eat. I'm not saying it's bad or good (and the book thing is awesome - I fucking loved Michael Morpugo when I was a kid), but what I am saying is that it an entire marketing drive to make people see McDonalds as a place to eat, with a really nice interior, with more upmarket food than just a greasy burger in a wrapper, a place that promotes healthy eating and reading amongst children. To make people stop seeing McDonalds as an unhealthy fast food restaurant, and start seeing it as a restaurant, one that it's healthy to visit often. And that's what he's worried about. Because at heart, it's still McDonalds.
Makes perfect sense - as has been discussed ad infinitum across multiple threads in here in the past. For a start Amazon can set the price at which they sell Hardcovers, Paperbacks and Flipbooks - If Amazon want to sell a Hardcover at a loss, that's their decision to make. So for example the next J.K. Rowling book? The hardcover will likely be sold at a loss. That's not the case with eBooks. Amazon and other retailers are bound by what's known as the Agency Model. Basically they're merely third party retailers - the publisher dictates the minimum price at which the book can be sold. So if Rowlings publisher decides the eBook has to be sold at £/$19.99? That's the price Amazon are legally obligated to sell it, even if they discount the hardcover to £/$9.99 Blame the publishers - and depending on your own thoughts, Apple. Edit: Before the downvoting brigade arrive. It doesn't help that you didn't post the title of the book in question. Typically if you goto the Kindle Edition page you'll see the text "This Price Set by the Publisher" or something along those lines; thus answering your question.
Hello! This is a bit unconventional, but my wife and I did this painting some time ago and I recently had to remove the canvas from the stretcher supports it was on, as we don't have a lot of space. While I am a fan of Orwell, somewhat ironically, I don't exactly have a lot of places to hang art at the moment. I'm aware that this isn't a super-inventive piece of art, but rather a pretty straight-forward painting from one of the most famous photographs of Orwell. I imagine there has to be an Orwell fan out there that would like it and I figured the r/books community would be the best place to find one. As I mentioned, the painting (actually ink and paint) is off the stretcher bars, so it would either need to be re-stretched, trimmed and framed, or it could just be trimmed and hung on the wall. we'll likely ship it rolled, but we can trim the excess canvas if you intend to just frame it or hang it like a wall scroll of sorts. The dimensions of the painting are 16x30in. I'll let the people of r/books decide via upvotes who should get it. I don't want to make anyone arbitrarily jump through hoops or anything like that. I will say that if possible, I would sincerely appreciate if the person who gets the painting would pay the $10 in shipping so we don't have to lose money on it as we are working artists. If not, it's not a dealbreaker - - we'll just eat the cost. In the unlikely event that someone may think I'm just a scammer out to get $10, please see from a year ago where we offered to do a painting for a redditor and where she confirmed that she received the art.
It's an issue that I've busted my mind trying to figure out. There are several ways to do this, all somewhat problematic. Work directly with someone like B&N. This requires them to sell the digital copy alongside the print edition, probably at the register. Kind of a "Oh, you bought the hardcover. Would you like the digital add-on for a buck?" Then they give you a slip of paper with your digital code on it. There are huge logistical issues here. Not insurmountable, but still tough. How many books do you do this with? All new books? How do you keep all of those slips separate? Do you have a machine that prints one with a code? Who pays for the infrastructure? What happens to all of those slips once a book rotates out of being new? We already have trouble with advance copies being snatched by booksellers (or other) and offering them up for sale on ebay when they were intended to be review copies. (Printed at a high cost and given for booksellers to read.) I could see this, without careful management, going the same way.
I am wondering if this 'phenomenon' happens to any other avid readers. You read a book and the culmination leaves you so drained (in a good or bad way) that you don't have the mental energy to pick up another book for a few days at least. In a bad way - The most recent example for me was The Wise Man's Fear by Patrick Rothfuss. In my view, the plotline completely jumped the shark, introduces several deus ex machinas and completely changes the protagonist's character. I feel the storyline has been completely ruined in a blatant "ratings" grab or desperate attempt to fix the storyline. This review summed it up pretty well for me. My apologies if this is a popular book and my opinion disagrees with yours. The effect left upon me, though, had me drained and lexically listless - I will probably be able to read once more in a week or two, when the sourness wears off. In a good way - When I finished the Foundation series, I stopped reading for a few months. I kept thinking about the Foundation universe and didn't want to read books for fear of the 'taste in my mouth' being spoiled. I had also, just for a few days, lost the motivation to eat or drink. I was also slightly morose that the author hadn't written any more books. But then, even 20 books in the series wouldn't have been enough. It was much after this time that I bothered to learn about the author, and explore more of things he had written. (I was a fool and didn't know that Asimov was a famous person). I am interested in hearing if a book has had any kind of an effect on you and in what way. Edit: Great responses, I'm reading all of the replies! I'm also going through and adding all of the books mentioned here to my to-read list. Thanks for this. Edit 2: Looks like House of Leaves and 1984 are the most popular choices. Edit 3: And others. Lots of great reading, thanks for sharing your thoughts. Edit 4: 4 months on and I'm still getting replies. How are you guys finding this thread?
The above was a comment made a few days ago on a review that is nearly a year old. The book was my own debut novel and to say the reviewer didn't like it is an understatement as she said, "Thanks to my broad experience and lack of discrimination, Theft of Swords isn't, quite, the absolute worst book I've ever read. But it loses the prize by a very, very slender margin." I never responded to the review (it's always a bad thing if an author does) nor did I ask any of my fans to do so (but nonetheless several who have liked the book did), and there was a kind of flame war that ensued. I'm not upset with the reviewer (I've grown a thick skin and I realize that everyone has their right to their own opinion) but the review itself and this comment does bring up an interesting point. After being profesionally published for nearly a year and selling more than 150,000 books I'm considering the series a success, because I can attach objective (not subject to opinion) criteria to it. But to judge a book "good" or "bad" is, at least to my mind, a rather futile exercise. There is no universal criteria that all readers, critics, and literature professors can agree upon to separate "good" from "bad." And I don't think the opinion of a reader bears more weight if they have extensively studied 'literature." But there seems to be an almost pavlovian response by some people that say if a book is popular, it must automatically be crap. As an author I think trying to determine my book as "good" or "bad" is folly. I'm more than satisfied with the fact that the vast majority who have actually read it were entertained and found it a good investment in both their time and money. So I'm really hear to ask the people in r/books - do you think books can be classified as "good" and "bad" or is it really just a matter of which books fit your reading prefernces and which do not?
This doesn't appear to be a very popular opinion in this thread, but I think it's one worth considering, so here it is: While I don't think the concept of a story can be good or bad from an objective point of view, the way it's conveyed can absolutely be objectively bad. Objectively bad story-telling is very possible, in my opinion, by way of confusing plot points, inconsistent character development and dues ex machina type situations where the conclusion hasn't been earned through the development of the story. There's also just plain-old bad writing, which makes use of cliches, stilted dialogue, confusing sentences and even poor use of the English language to stop the book from being enjoyable or readable even at the most basic, technical level. To be fair, all rules can be broken, and if broken correctly, the end result can be far more rewarding than if the rules were followed. But without a purposeful, thoughtful breaking of some of the above instances, then yes, I would say that a book can objectively be bad.
Case in point, after reading that Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy post I realized I didn't have it in my library looked for it my local book store only to find the copy with the movie version cover. Edit: That being said is there a criterion type thing for books? Edit 2#: I went to my second hand book store and found a copy I liked for a good price also the book depository had the same stuff for good prices. Also, obviously it doesn't change the content of the book, but for the price you end up paying for books I like to be able to marvel at the cover because it dedicated to the book. Also I like nice things. Edit 3#: I should make it clear in my example, that this is certainly a book I've read before, I just didn't own it. I like collecting books that I love and I'm always happy to pay for an edition I find appealing. (Which has never been the movie version) Like a lot of readers, I tend to have a backlog of books that I'm intending to read so there is never any rush to get it into my hands. In any case, agree or disagree, it is all about opinion and it is a hard thing to argue but I've really enjoyed reading all the comments so far. But there are a hundred other posts actually about books on this subreddit that are getting no attention maybe go give them a read too. This was just a quick post while I was browsing for books. Edit 4#: I looked through my book collection and I have to admit I found only one book that had a movie cover: my second hand hardcover Collected Works of Raymond Chandler has on the dust cover an image of Humphery Bogart, but thats okay with me, he is a boss.
Hi r/books I've been adding these threads to my list of saved links now and then, so it's far from a complete list. There are probably plenty and plenty of omitted book recommendation threads in other subreddits. I have - for instance - nothing from r/programming, and not much else from any smaller subreddits. So if you know of a good book recommendation thread for, say, cooking-books or something else topic-specific but yet of potential interest to readers then feel free to share and I'll add it to the list. Much of the recommendations in the posts below don't really differ that much from thread to thread, I guess. I'm willing to wager that all the "life-changing", "mind-blowing" and "must-read" threads probably list "1984" or "Brave New World". But one might still fish out something new or old of interest. Anyway. Confused? Lost? Looking for something to read? Well this here is nothing awesome or professional, but you might find it of some use: Main Reddit Huge, definitive Reddit-community reading list: "the books of which should be read by any Redditor who considers him(her)self educated." (Found by dingledog.) r/Books Post-apocalyptic books. Disturbing books. Must-read nonfiction Life-changing books. (1) Life-changing non-fiction (2) Books with epic/huge universes. (Found by rakantae) What other books are just as hilarious and entertaining like "A Confederacy of Dunces"? (found by BernieMadoff) "What hilarious books have you read? (laughed so hard that you pissed your pants type)" (found by BernieMadoff) Favourite fantasy books. (posted by mitchbones) What was the last book you read, what are you reading now and which one is lined up next...and your verdict? (found by richie_ny) Apocalyptic books. What are your recommendations for the best-performed/read audiobooks? Books to give away as christmas gifts. Cyberpunk with a dystopian setting. Best books of the 00's (Not really a suggestion thread, but fellow redditors discuss some titles.) r/skeptic Books for studying logical debate and deconstructing fallacious arguments. r/Philosophy 5 of your favourite philosophy books Life-changing books. (3) Perspective-altering works of philosophy. Works by contemporary philosophers. r/Cogsci Favourite psychology-related books. r/SciFi Favourite Science Fiction. (Found by 3po) "Ultimate scifi book list." (Found by zamolxis) r/programming What programming book has been your favorite? r/Askreddit Books you've read more than twice. Life-changing non-fiction (4) Good books that offer a mindfuck. "I want to read a book that will move me." Mind-blowing non-fiction. Classics. What book have you reread the most. (found by BernieMadoff) I recently decided that I have been growing up reading horrible literature so I picked up A Hitchhiker's Guide To The Galaxy. Finished that. What's next? I want to read the classics. (found by BernieMadoff) "Reddit, comment and upvote your favorite books." (found by BernieMadoff) "What is your all-time favorite book?" (Found by winstonSsith) Dear Reddit... What are your favorite children's books? (found by BernieMadoff) What book have you read had such a great philosophy, that it changed your outlook on life? (found by BernieMadoff) The name of the last great book you read. (found by BernieMadoff) AskReddit has a lot of book-recommendation threads, in which most of the mentioned books are more or less the same, but if you're still curious then do a search there, or just go here: http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/search?q=book&sort=top Misc. Also, epadafunk wins the thread. Here's a whole subreddit dedicated to the purpose of listing good literature: /r/redditbooks Bonus: Reddit's take on the "best quality fiction writers nowadays." As mentioned, feel free to add any noteworthy threads/lists; unless it's one about "life-changing" books, which seem to be in perpetual demand here at reddit, I think. Edit 1: More links from 3po, rakantae and BernieMadoff Edit 2: Huge reading list from /r/Reddit.com, found by dingledog. Edit 3: Scifi-list, askreddit thread and /r/redditbooks Edit 4: A fantasy list. One more. Edit 5: A few AskReddit threads found by BernieMadoff, and an apocalypse thread in /r/books. Edit 6: /r/books: Audiobooks, books as christmas gifts. Edit 7: Formatting. Edit 8: /r/books: Dystopian cyberpunk, best of the 00's; added /r/programming.
I'm reading The Bell Jar by Sylvia Plath for the second time and I came upon a disturbing realization- I was relating a little too much to Esther. Too often her thoughts reflected my own. Just like Esther, I have my whole life ahead of me, full of potential- I should be excited. Instead, I can't help wondering, what is the point of it all? Esther's emotional struggle so closely relates to my own. And then I realized, she's crazy. Or at least having some sort of an emotional breakdown. And if I'm not careful, I could quite easily allow myself to follow in her footsteps. This was quite sobering. So, r/books, what have you read that hit a little too close to home? EDIT: Two things. First, I love how books can have such profound impacts in our lives and serve as mirrors to our souls. Especially when it reflects things we've been trying to ignore. Second, I think 2udaylatif summed it up well: "It is not surprising to find similarities in ourselves with characters in stories. That is what makes them so enthralling. Even characters who are reprehensible have humanity in them and that makes us realize how close we all are. The line between good and bad is thinner than we realize."
He wrote me back when I wrote him at 23, discussing the problems of a writer life. I think about his letter on a regular basis. EDIT: Dang. Reddit has spoken. I will offer some excerpts that leave out the personal stuff and get to the gist you really want to read anyway. So I wrote to him in 1999 months after finishing my undergrad saying I wanted to be an author but knew that my work sucked and that I had many years to go before I could ever write anything all that well and that in the painstaking meantime I'd suffer from no opportunity to grow, to study craft, to develop, to be published even as a shithead with a half-dozen readers (this was before the era in which we live where a three-year-old can have riveting toilet-training blog read by millions) etc., etc. (side note, I'm now 36 years old and my first novel is due out next month). So he wrote back: I decline to read your mss., but mostly because I am now up to my ass in mss's and have had to start declining--it's not that your letter wasn't 100% charming and seductive. I am intrigued by your evident belief that acceptance/contract/publication makes everything alright and vindicates you as an artist. How much money/attention/emotional stroking do you imagine attends publication? Why do you suppose 'published' writers still teach and scrabble for grants?
Being an avid reader, I signed up for the r/books book swap on reddit gifts. I was grateful to have the chance to share some of my favorite literature as well as receive some new reading material. Today my package arrived and I ripped it open with all the excitement that one would expect a five year old to have on christmas morning. I LOVE books. Literally, if I could be paid to read, I would drop out of college right now. Lasagna_chef had sent me a message confirming shipment of my package and told me to pay special attention to the note inside. Honestly, I was so psyched to receive four kick ass books (World War Z, American Psycho, Everything is Illuminated, and House of Leaves) that I almost forgot about the note. I finally came down from my literature induced ecstasy and opened the envelope that was inside one of the books. Inside I expected a witty note that would make me laugh.. Instead I was BROUGHT TO TEARS. I am a college student and have posted about how I am struggling to make ends meet...just hoping for some advice on how I can be more frugal and cut corners... and this kind gentleman had done his homework and properly stalked me and saw this. Not only did I receive four fantastic books that I cannot wait to dive into, I received a generous cash gift to help me afford food and rent. I am amazed at the kindness that this stranger has shown to me. Tons of karma to you, lasagna_chef. I will repay you someday, somehow.
These are my rules for reading. I don't always follow them, but I certainly do my best to try. I transcribed this from the first page of my reading journal: Don't tell others how to read. Some people like to read 100 books a year, others like to read just a few--there's no wrong way to read. Your Ulysses may be another person's Twilight, and there's nothing wrong with that either. If someone was moved by reading Twilight, that's a good thing. There's nothing more elitist than looking down on others for not having the same taste as you. Reading is just a medium; it's not better than other mediums. I read because I like using my imagination, and I feel reading does a better job of describing things. That does not mean that other mediums do not lend themselves to intellectual thought and analysis. After all, films and television have someone writing them, they've just chosen a different medium to deliver their thoughts. Write in the margins. There's so much you don't get when you're not doing this. As well, it's wonderful to be able to see what you were thinking as you were reading a book. It's enlightening to see how your thoughts on a book changed since the last time you've read it. If people are like you, they'll enjoy reading your notes as much as you enjoy reading the notes of others. Read books you love more than once. People who say that there are far too many books in the world to ever spend the time rereading a book don't seem to realize that they will die before they have read every book in the world anyway. You'll probably die before you read every book on your bookshelf. If you love a book, read it again in a few years to see if its meaning has changed. Also, reading a book more than once really allows you to get the subtleties that you didn't pick up on the first round. Don't worry about what you're supposed to get from the novel, or how others interpret it. If you get something entirely different, that's perfectly fine. You bring your own life experience to the table when reading. Worrying about these things is just a distraction from your own experience with the book. However, be interested in the perspectives of others. In every book you read there are things that you missed. Discussing books with other people can be really enlightening. They bring their own experiences to the table as well--experiences you probably haven't had. Many a "wow" moment has come from having someone point out a theme in a novel that you've entirely missed. Partake in easy reading every now and then. Tom Robbins, Dean Koontz, Stephen King, Christopher Moore, Chuck Klosterman, David Sedaris, and so on. Reading Faulkner, DeLillo, Joyce, Wallace, Gaddis, and other literary works all the time can be depressing. Sometimes you just need a good laugh. If something sucks, move on. You're reading for enjoyment, not to be able to say you've read it. Pay attention to the author's use of language. Simile, metaphor, symbolism. Words are chosen for a reason. Share with others the books you have enjoyed. Hopefully they will enjoy them as well. The community of readers is almost as important as the books themselves. Be a part of that community. EDIT: For those who do not understand the title of this post, I am sharing with you what I go by in my own reading. I write this in my journal. I am also asking what you go by in your own reading/interpretation of a story. I am at no point saying that you should follow any of these rules, and I'm really amazed that anyone could interpret it that way. Do you really think I am telling you that you must write in the margins of a book? Seriously? If you think that, I think I'd rather you not write in the margins of a book. And damn, why's everything have to be an argument on Reddit? Christ it gets a bit old.
He's mainly a comic book writer, but Greg Rucka had some great things to say about this. One does not write a "female" character any more than one writes a "male" character. One writes character, and character is derived from many, many different components, gender being just one of them. Education, background, childhood, religion, sexual orientation and experience, unique history - all of these things influence character, and the writer's job is to present the whole package in the form of an individual. The problem isn't that writers forget they're writing one gender or another, it's that they do so without due consideration for the factors. To write any character, one must inhabit their life, evaluate it, and then see both through their character's bias, and objectively. He goes on to talk about what I think most people know. Writers default to male characters and stereotypical female characters because they're seen as the default. There's no need to go the extra mile, to do research on what life is actually like for someone who isn't part of the white, heterosexual male default because most writers either are this or have studied writers who are or have grown up consuming media where most characters are.
I just had a revelation about Joyce's Ulysses, a book I love and have read multiple times. There are countless touching and sad moments throughout the book: Stephen's mother crying when he sings Yeats' "Who Goes With Fergus," Bloom's despair at his infant son Rudy's death, Stephen deciding he can't help his sister because the family will "drown" him too, Bloom's father's suicide, Paddy Dignam's funeral and leaving behind his wife and son, etc. However, it dawned on me that the saddest and most poignant line in the book might be the last line. No, not the one you're thinking of. Not "yes I said yes I will yes." That's the last line of the narrative. The last line of the book are the only words that belong to Joyce himself. His signoff. "Trieste-Zurich-Paris, 1914-1921" This doesn't get much attention obviously, but the more I think about it the more heartbreaking it is. Joyce creates his masterpiece as an ode to his home, "dear, dirty Dublin." In fact, all his works are in some way about his home. The level of detail and amount of research he did to craft such a realistic portrayal of his native city is widely acknowledged to be painstaking. To call it a labor of love almost does disservice to both the words "labor" and "love." Now think about it. Joyce chose to sign off with those words: "Trieste-Zurich-Paris, 1914-1921." He put them there for a reason. Nothing in Joyce is there by accident or happenstance. Why are they there? Because he wants us to know that the city he loved so much and took such care to render is no longer his home. He's an exile. Living in various spots in Europe. Hundreds of pages -- a masterfully crafted testimonial to his home ... and he's not there. And he's not going back. He'll never be home again. He can only possess it in Ulysses pages. The book you just finished? That masterpiece? That's Joyce's home. It's all he had. And you were just a guest in it.
Final Update - So in the end, we had 6,600 downloads in less than a day and went from 40,000 in ranking to top 100 in the free section, all thanks to you guys. I cannot properly express my gratitude. You guys are amazing, reviews are already coming in and I'm simply thrilled with the response. There will be future free days in the future, so either email me or follow my twitter (I don't update often, won't flood your stream) if you missed out on yesterday. :) Thanks again everyone. So my latest book is free to Prime members all the time, but TODAY (January 5th) I am taking that pricetag down to $0.00 for ALL Redditors as a big thank you to the community I've loved for the past year. Here is the link to the page on Amazon, it should be free for everyone as far as I know (though I am from the US so it's possible it could be US only, can't seem to get in touch with Amazon to find out in time). It's Kindle only, but I'll be doing a pay-what-you-want PDF version once my contract with Amazon ends in March. :) EDIT Someone from Ireland has successfully downloaded it for free, so it should be working internationally!
Ooh. In no particular order: 1.) The First Law Series (The Blade Itself, Before They Are Hanged, and Last Argument of Kings) by Joe Abercrombie [My favourite is probably Last Argument of Kings] {Worth mentioning are the Broadway-performance-level audiobooks, performed by Stephen Pacey.} 2.) The Mistborn series (Mistborn: The Final Empire, The Hero of Ages, The Well of Ascension, The Alloy of Law) by Brandon Sanderson [I can't pick a favourite. The Alloy of Law does something interesting, by taking the series' fantasy-era world and rocketing it forward into something resembling the Old West. That's just cool.] 3.) Nation by Terry Pratchett (By turns devastating, poignant, and triumphant, probably Pratchett's best work to date) 4.) Anansi Boys by Neil Gaiman (Full of Gaiman's trademark blend of magic, gentle humor, and genuine terror, this is a fun read. I have a signed, numbered slipcased hardback of this one.) [As pointed out below, the audiobook, performed by Lenny Henry, is outstanding.]
"... you could do it if you wanted to. If you opened up wide enough." He suddenly reached down and picked up Nicholson's right hand from the armrest. He shook it just once, cordially, and said, "Goodbye. I have to go." And this time, Nicholson wasn't able to detain him, he started so quickly to make his way through the aisle. Nicholson sat motionless for some few minutes after he left, his hands on the armrests of the chair, his unlighted cigarettes still between the fingers of his left hand. Finally, he raised his right hand and used it as if to check whether his collar was still open. Then he lit his cigarette, and sat quite still again. He smoked the cigarette down to its end, then abrubtly let one foot over over the side of the chair, stepped on the cigarettes, got to his feet, and made his way, rather quickly, out of the aisle. Using the forwardship stairway, he descended fairly briskly to the Promenade Deck. Without stopping there, he continued down, still quite rapidly, to Main Deck. Then to A Deck. Then to B Deck. Then to C Deck. Then to D Deck. At D Deck the forwardship stairway ended, and Nicholson stood for a moment, apparently at some loss for direction. However, he spotted someone who looked able to guide him. Halfway down the passageway, a stewardess was sitting on a chair outside a galleyway, reading a magazine and smoking a cigarette. Nicholson went down to her, consulted her briefly, thanked her, then took a few additional steps forwardship and opened a heavy metal door that read: TO THE POOL. It opened onto a narrow, uncarpeted staircase. He was little more than halfway down the staircase when he heard an all-piercing, sustained scream ----clearly coming from a small, female child. It was highly acoustical, as though it were reverberating within four tiled walls."
From the library's facebook: The Kurt Vonnegut Memorial Library announced today that it will offer one free copy of Slaughterhouse Five to up to 150 students at a high school in Republic, Missouri. Last week, the school board of Republic voted 4-0 to eliminate Slaughterhouse Five and Sarah Ockler’s Twenty Boy Summer from its curriculum and from the school library as the books were deemed “inappropriate” by the school board, based on a complaint from one parent. “It’s not clear to me whether any of the adults making these important decisions in our public schools have actually read these books,” said Julia Whitehead, Executive Director of the Kurt Vonnegut Memorial Library in Indianapolis. “All of these students will be eligible to vote, and some may be protecting our country through military service in the next year or two. It is shocking and unfortunate that those young adults and citizens would not be considered mature enough to handle the important topics raised by Kurt Vonnegut, a decorated war veteran. Everyone can learn something from his book.” The Kurt Vonnegut Memorial Library has received many offers of support for dealing with the book-banning situation. The fledgling nonprofit, which opened in January, 2011, in a space donated by Katz & Korin, P.C., is working with the ACLU in Missouri and Indiana to support the First Amendment rights for the students at Republic High School. The offer of a free book to students requesting a copy is another gesture from the organization to help protect these rights.
I don't care what your reaction was to reading a book, if you can only communicate it with a comic! I don't want to see a picture of your favourite childhood book. Tell us about it, and why you love it. I couldn't give a hairy monkey's shit about the six or seven second hand books you bought at the library, the garage sale, the thrift shop, the fire sale, somewhere. WTF? We need pictures and comics to discuss the written word now?!!! (I should include a rage comic to get bookit karma. ARGGH!!!) EDIT: To all of those who have commented on this post, thank you. To those that agree with me (quite a bit more than I expected), it seems we're probably in the minority. A word about the tone. Many of you attacking me haven't read the whole thread or have ignored the fact that I admitted the outburst above was childish and petulant. It was. But I thought it would have been disingenuous of me to change it. It seems however that perhaps I should draw particular attention to this by editing the main post, rather than just saying it in the comments. I'm sorry about the tone of the post. I regret the use of invective. I regret targeting particular posts (not explicitly, but they can be inferred) and I regret hurting anyone's feelings (if I actually did such a thing). I am not sorry about raising the topic though. It's a valid point. I guess I was just irritable yesterday morning. Such posts are rare for me. Finally, one parting thought. To all of you who have criticised me, insulted me or attacked me over daring to criticise those expressing their opinions, or incredulously asking me why I was trying to "police" bookit, I refer you to a discussion of irony.
I was an employee of B&N all throughout university (3.5 years), and this article really breaks my heart. Say what you will about Barnes being a ruthless big box store. Although pay was and always has been quite low- even with a promotion and small yearly raises- that store really took care of us. The store manager has always told the hard-working employees that there was always a place for us at the store. Even though hours are scarce and sales are low, they're always willing to take us back and give us work if we are in need of extra money, or a job- something that many of my friends have needed to take advantage of. Also, during my time there a substantial hurricane ripped through my region and left many of us without electricity for a week or so. We were paid for all of our hours, both when the store was closed and when it re-opened (we weren't required to come in for a few days, volunteer basis). The company gave us a TON of food, and bottled water... granted it was Godiva chocolates, snacks, juices, biscotti, and other cafe items... but the managers were told to empty out the inventory and let the employees take what they needed. I had Fiji water for months. I can't imagine many businesses did the same. I certainly didn't hear of any others. I dunno. My town doesn't have many indie bookstores. Hope my store can stay in the game for a good bit longer.
My family has had a rough 2 years. My father had a heart attack that he very nearly died from. He came out of it with congestive heart failure. He has to be bedridden most of the day. The astronomical medical bills caused them to lose their house. Despite all this our family has remained very upbeat and has never been closer actually. Most of my siblings and I are adults and out of the house already... I am 27, I have a sister who is 26 and we both work, I have another brother who is 19 and going to college for physics and engineering. My youngest brother though is just 13 and still lives with my parents. My other siblings and I live in the Bay Area of California while my youngest brother and my parents live in Idaho. That means my youngest brother has to act like "man of the house" in a lot of ways... he's has to help my dad around when he can't walk to and from the bathroom, he has to fix things around the house. I've been so proud him this past year for taking on all these responsibilities without any hesitation or complaint. He's a avid reader, as are all of us in the family, my parents used to run a used book selling business out of the house, so we had tens of thousands of books around the house all the time. We sold most of our existing stock to another book seller when we were trying to desperately make mortgage payments to try to keep the house. Money has obviously been tight, so my youngest brother often doesn't get an allowance at all. He gets a few dollars every so often from my mom and he had managed to save about $30 in a year.
I will come to a time in my backwards trip when November eleventh, accidentally my birthday, was a sacred day called Armistice Day. When I was a boy, and when Dwayne Hoover was a boy, all the people of all the nations which had fought in the First World War were silent during the eleventh minute of the eleventh hour of Armistice Day, which was the eleventh day of the eleventh month. It was during that minute in nineteen hundred and eighteen, that millions upon millions of human beings stopped butchering one another. I have talked to old men who were on battlefields during that minute. They have told me in one way or another that the sudden silence was the Voice of God. So we still have among us some men who can remember when God spoke clearly to mankind. Armistice Day has become Veterans' Day. Armistice Day was sacred. Veterans' Day is not. So I will throw Veterans' Day over my shoulder. Armistice Day I will keep. I don't want to throw away any sacred things. What else is sacred? Oh, Romeo and Juliet, for instance. And all music is. Kurt Vonnegut
Very apt comment. I read Juliette as an undergrad and it really fucked me up. 1000 pages of disgusting scenes of murderous orgies followed by nihilistic philosophical discussions that are disturbingly persuasive. The thing that got me was that I was shocked and horrified for the first 500 pages but then something clicked in my head and it just became funny. I remember a scene where a guy was raping a boy while choking him. He killed him as he came, but decided to fuck his body and said to Juliette "it's unfortunate he will not struggle this time." I hated myself for chuckling at that. After I finished the book I was in a black mood for a long time. I felt like I had exposed myself to some great darkness and it ate a bit of my soul. Then I fell hard for a cute christian girl because she was so innocent and pure. That was a mistake. I loved the girl and would have married her in an instant only to live a happy lie until a mid-life realization shattered my rose tinted glasses. In the end that relationship at least took me out of my Sade induced depression back to basically where I was before that damn book.
I'm 16 and recently came out as an atheist to my parents. They're very very conservative christian and I had hoped that they would be accepting but they're not. The books I read have always gone relatively unchecked but now my dad sais that was a mistake. He took about half of my 61 books that I've collected over the years and sais I have to get rid of them. I don't know what to do, Reddit. I've used every argument I can think of and he refuses to see reason. He's going to make me sell them, I'm not sure when. If you live near Morris, IL and you're willing to take about 29 books at least for a few months until I can take them back and hide them or convince him to let me keep them. Many of these books mean a lot to me and I can't bare to see them sold off. Update: There's been a great response so far. Here's the list for those asking: The Monster Hunter Hunter Trilogy by Larry Correia; The Walking Dead Compendium 1 by Robert Kirkman; Anansi Boys, American Gods, Stardust, Smoke and Mirrors, and Fragile Things by Neil Gaiman; Watchers and Prodigal Son by Dean Koontz; High Fidelity by Nick Hornby; Go Mutants by Larry Doyle; Reckless by Cornelia Funke; The Strain by Guillermo Del Toro; H.P. Lovecraft: The Complete Fiction; Eragon and Eldest by Christopher Paollini; Vampirates by Justin Somper; The Lightning Thief and The Sea of Monsters by Rick Riordan; Pride Prejudice and Zombies by Seth Grahame Smith; Dawn of the Dreadfuls by Steve Hockensmith; Everythings Eventual by Steven King and I don't know if it counts but The Skyrim Prima Guide. I have bought and paid for the majority of these with my own money that I earned doing work. The options I've seen so far are: give them to friends (This was what I was originally considering); A few people have offered to come take them (I'd say this along with the first are my best option. Also I'd get to make a new Reddit friend who's close by); try harder to convince (It won't work); Tell him if he wants to get rid of them he has to burn them, then draw as much media attention to this as possible (That might be a little extreme). Update 2: I didn't expect it to get this big, thanks guys. My mom ended up finding this post when she checked my history last night. She was mad at first but I explained things better and we talked for a while. She seems much more accepting and willing to accept than my dad does. Hopefully she'll help sway him. I think I've got them for a little longer now cause I don't think he knows what to do and my mom says she's willing to read some of them and see it from my point of view. Someone mentioned Fahrenheit 451, it's funny I literally picked it up the day after he took my books, knowing what it's about and I'm just waiting for him to ask, "Oh whatcha readin there? What's that about?" and I get to tell him haha. I got a lot of great advice and good arguments to use that I will bring up but for now things are looking up if only a little. Edit: Here's the books he's letting me keep: The Catcher in the Rye by J. D. Salinger; The Complete Sherlock Holmes by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle; The Dark Knight Returns by Frank Miller; I'm Dying Up Here by William Knoedelseder; Seriously Funny by Gerald Nachman; Comedy at the Edge by Richard Zoglin; A Great Silly Grin by Humphrey Carpenter; Hells Angels by Hunter S. Thompson; The Difference Engine by William Gibson; The Battle of the Labyrinth by Rick Riordan; The Hunger Games by Suzanne Collins; Incognito by David Eagleman; A Game of Thrones and A Storm of Swords by George R. R. Martin; Off the Mangrove Coast by Louis Lamour; The Sun Going Down by Jack Todd; 1Q84 by Haruki Murakami; Tales of Mystery and Terror by Edgar Allen Poe; The Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy by Douglas Adams; Homeland by R. A. Salvator; Scott Pilgrim 1-6 by Brian Lee O'mally. Edit: As many are pointing out, yes this is crazy the ones I can have compared to the ones I can't. He judged them completely on cover and what he got off the front/back flap.
This is sad! O little book! A day will come in truth when someone over your page will say, ‘The hand that wrote it is no more.’ I think this one was the most poignant one for me. The scribe, obviously aware of his own mortality and the virtual immortality of his work realised that people dozens, maybe even hundreds of years later would read it. And may be the reader would think to them self "Wow, the person that wrote this copy is long since dead". I often think of similar things while reading an old book or watching an old movie. "I wonder how many of those actors are still around" or "I wonder whatever happened to those people" or, probably the most interesting muse I think: "I wonder who owned this book before me, what they did, if they liked it. Did they take this book anywhere? If only there was a way for me to know the physical history of this particular item...". I guess that's why I like history, and especially talking to older people. It's sort of a one-way time machine. Some sort of portal or wormhole into the past. You put forth your queries, and after awhile you get back a piece of what you were looking for.
Not wanting to return to school, I want to explore the field of Computer Science. This is my planned reading list: The Softer Side Anathem Cryptonomicon (Yeah I'm a Stephenson fanboy ... ) Gödel, Escher, Bach: An Eternal Golden Braid Computer Science Unplugged (Computer Science for kids, without computers) The Design of Everyday Things How the Mind Works Introduction 2. Google's Exploring Computational Thinking 2. Land of LISP 2. Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs 2. Foundations of Computer Science 2. Code: The Hidden Language of Computer Hardware and Software 2. Concepts, Techniques, and Models of Computer Programming 2. Compilers: Principles, Techniques, and Tools (The Dragon Book) 2. Code Complete: A Practical Handbook of Software Construction 2. The C Programming Language 2. The Little Schemer - 4th Edition Mid-Range 2. Introduction to Automata Theory, Languages, and Computation 2. Introduction to Algorithms OMG my Brain! 2. Concrete Mathematics: A Foundation for Computer Science 2. Computational Complexity - A Modern Approach 2. Artificial Intelligence: A Modern Approach (3rd Edition) 2. The Art of Computer Programming (Vol 1-3 (& 4)) META Posts 2. I'm looking for a good book on algorithms. Suggestions? 2. What is the single most influential book every programmer should read? Stack Overflow 2. What Programming Books Should I Read? /r/programming Online Courses 2. MIT Opencourseware 2. USNW - Elearning cough cough I've included Anathem for the sole reason that it encouraged me to start down this road. I plan on moving from Fiction -> Practice -> Theory. What other books should I know about? (cross post to r/programming) EDIT: So I've added the books recommended; what order should they be in? EDIT 2: Wow. Tons of great responses, I'll start filtering through all of these comments and build a better list. Keep the books coming! EDIT 3: This is when I wish reddit had a built in wiki ... EDIT 4: Just found Google's Computational Thinking curriculum for K-12 and just bought the book Land of Lisp. Added them to the Introduction section.
That 17% figure! Yes, let's talk about numbers! And for the sake of some real discussion here, let's talk about these numbers combined with words. Alright, so this review states that "Humans will harvest roughly 17% of what the biosphere grows this year.". This and all the other figures and facts presented clearly states that this is a review of a book about 'contemporary' biomass, not about non-renewables taken from coal mines or oil and gas reserves. Interesting enough, I guess. But then the summary leaves me a bit dumbfounded: "Without moralizing, he makes a convincing case that humans could soon consume an unsustainable share of life." Should life, like it is stated here, really mean grown biomass per year? Literally "life", based on the way the statistics are used here, would mean that when we soon consume "an unsustainable share of life", life would end the next year. So, of course not, this is not what it means. It means Life, as in the permanence of life, the environment, and the temperatures in the atmosphere that support life. Then we are not 'soon' going to consume an unsustainable share of life, we are already consuming to much of it. The Kyoto protocol and the IPCC report is pretty clear about this. You've chosen your statistics wisely, but your choice of words are misleading, dear OP.
I came across this in his introduction to Athanasius' On the Incarnation. EDIT: Sorry for confusion. By 'old' he means classic and 'new' he means modern. Have some context: "The simplest student will be able to understand, if not all, yet a very great deal of what Plato said; but hardly anyone can understand some modern books on Platonism. It has always therefore been one of my main endeavours as a teacher to persuade the young that firsthand knowledge is not only more worth acquiring than secondhand knowledge, but is usually much easier and more delightful to acquire." And "Not, of course, that there is any magic about the past. People were no cleverer then than they are now; they made as many mistakes as we. But not the same mistakes. They will not flatter us in the errors we are already committing; and their own errors, being now open and palpable, will not endanger us. Two heads are better than one, not because either is infallible, but because they are unlikely to go wrong in the same direction. To be sure, the books of the future would be just as good a corrective as the books of the past, but unfortunately we cannot get at them."
The universe is huge. Time is impossibly vast. Trillions of creatures crawl and swim and fly through our planet. Billions of people live, billions came before us, and billions will come after. We cannot count, cannot even properly imagine, the number of perspectives and variety of experiences offered by existence. We sip all of this richness through the very narrowest of straws: one lifetime, one consciousness, one perspective, one set of experiences. Of all the universe has, has had, and will have to offer, we can know only the tiniest fraction. We are alone and minuscule and our lives are over in a blink. All of this strikes me as terribly sad, and if I believed Someone were in charge, I could muster an argument that our awareness of vastness makes our tininess unfair. But here's the thing. Literature lets us experience life through a second consciousness. For a time we share the perspective and experience of the author and his imagination. Our experience of the universe is broadened, multiplied. Without literature, we are all limited to our own lives. With it, we can know something of what it is to be other people, to walk in their shoes, to see the world their way.
Hi everyone. Lev Grossman here. In case you have no idea who I am, I am several things: -- For the past 11 years I've been the staff book critic at Time magazine. I review a lot of books, and I think a lot about what's going on with publishing, the contemporary novel, etc. I also get to interview a lot of interesting people—J.K. Rowling, Jonathan Franzen, Neil Gaiman, Steve Jobs, Bill Gates, etc. This would be an example of the sort of thing I tend to write. -- I'm the author of THE MAGICIANS and THE MAGICIAN KING, which were both New York Times bestsellers. They're fantasy novels with a lot of literary and adult elements worked in. The marketing department calls them "Harry Potter for Grown-Ups." And who am I to argue with the marketing department. -- I'm also the author of a couple of novels that were less successful and/or not at all successful -- I've done a lot of freelance journalism, mostly about books and technology, for Wired, Salon, Lingua Franca, the Wall Street Journal, Entertainment Weekly, the Village Voice, Time Out NY and the New York Times. I also show up on NPR once in a while. -- I'm an identical twin -- I probably spend more time playing KINGDOM RUSH on my iPhone than any other New York Times bestselling author ever. I don't have the exact numbers on that, but I'm pretty confident about it. -- I'm slightly hungover r/Books asked me to post my AMA early so more redditors can ask questions. I’ll be back at 7PM Eastern / 8PM Central for the live AMA. AMA! Lev
I took data from these threads, performed some Excel dark magic, and was left with the following list. Reddit's Bookshelf The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy by Douglas Adams. (Score:3653) 1984 by George Orwell. (Score:3537) Dune by Frank Herbert. (Score:3262) Slaughterhouse 5 by Kurt Vonnegut. (Score:2717) Ender's Game by Orson Scott Card. (Score:2611) Brave New World by Aldous Huxley. (Score:2561) The Catcher in the Rye by J. D. Salinger. (Score:2227) The Bible by Various. (Score:2040) Snow Crash by Neal Stephenson. (Score:1823) Harry Potter Series by J.K. Rowling. (Score:1729) Stranger in a Strange Land by Robert A. Heinlein. (Score:1700) Surely You're Joking, Mr. Feynman! by Richard P. Feynman. (Score:1613) To Kill A Mocking Bird by Harper Lee. (Score:1543) The Foundation Saga by Isaac Asimov. (Score:1479) Neuromancer by William Gibson. (Score:1409) Calvin and Hobbes by Bill Watterson. (Score:1374) Guns, Germs, and Steel by Jared Diamond. (Score:1325) Catch-22 by Joseph Heller. (Score:1282) Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance by Robert M. Pirsig. (Score:1278) **Siddhartha ** by Hermann Hesse. (Score:1256) Click Here for 1-100, 101-200 follow in a reply. I did this to sate my own curiosity, and because I was bored. I thought you might be interested.
Reddit (IMO) isn't really a site that's well-suited to those kinds of discussions. Reddit is all about the now and hot. Posts have a life of a couple of days at most. After a few weeks, they get archived. After a while, even the most enthusiastic devotees of a book get tired of repeating themselves in the new threads, "I just read ____. What did you think?" Even within those few days, you can only talk about what's popular with the Reddit hive mind. If it's not a Reddit favorite ("Ender's Game", "Game of Thrones", "1Q84") it won't get enough upvotes to get past the "New" section. If it's a book Reddit has decided it hates ("Twilgiht", "50 Shades of Gray"), it will get downvoted below the default visibility threshold so fast you might get caught in the undertow. Discussions about specific books are better done on sites that are designed for such things, such as or . These sites have both separate discussion areas for individual books and groups devoted to particular sub-genres. And, your reviews and comments don't disappear after 24 hours.
"Two of our greatest novelists," I heard a British journalist say. While we wait for the obituaries to come in, I suggest that admirers of Iain Banks' considerable body of work (with or without the M) peruse this series of posts revisiting the Culture novels in reverse order by the science fiction novelist Adam Roberts. I also recommend this critical essay on the utopianism of the Culture by Alan Jacobs. I started reading Banks much later than I care to admit, and I won't claim that I've even begun to appreciate the scope of his legacy. A year ago I saw him speak with Kim Stanley Robinson at a joint event where they read excerpts from each other's latest novels, The Hydrogen Sonata and 2312. You might think the two of them are galaxies apart in style, but Robinson's folkloric storytelling style was an excellent match for Banks, whose Scottish gruffness laced with a permanent sense of prankish amusement was oddly perfect for describing Robinson's otherworldly colonial technologies. I didn't have a book on hand for Banks to sign, but I thought, oh well, I could always see him speak again elsewhere. It so happens that we do not, in fact, have all the time in the world.
Just make a post in the comments saying what your situation is. If you're a parent and can't afford a book for your child, if you're a college student backed up with too many loans that you can only pay for food, etc. Once I decide who I'll send it to, I'll send you a personal message asking for your name, address, and which book you'd like. I'll buy two books on Amazon (with Prime!) and send it asap (please try to keep your request under $10, though...and U.S. addresses only, sorry) I was inspired to do this by Random Acts of Pizza, and just think it's a nice thing to do for a society who is reading fewer and fewer books these days... EDIT: Okay, I've bought books for users "placeholder", "functionallyawesome", and "SiouxsieHomemaker". If you are feeling particularly generous, there are definitely other users who I'm sure would appreciate your help! And as some have suggested, perhaps this effort could be consolidated into a new subreddit (Random_Acts_of_Books). Book it forward :) EDIT(2): I've created the subreddit Random_Acts_of_Books. If you were interested in helping out someone else, post an [Offer] header, and if you are seeking a book but cannot help yourself at the moment, put [Request]. It's a similar idea like Random Acts of Pizza, but for books, and I really hope some good can come out of this.
I agree to an extent, but I do still use the phrase guilty pleasure. I think most people understand that this is a figure of speech though, and I don't feel guilty at all about what I'm doing. I don't feel guilty when I enjoy eating something or enjoy a dumb book or movie or tv show. I think most people get that I'm just saying that, whatever activity I'm describing, is a purely hedonistic pleasure. I enjoy reading a good, thought provoking book, and doing so also betters me as a person. I also sometimes enjoy reading cheap pop fiction that doesn't make me think hard about anything or similarly watching a dumb laugh track sitcom with no cleverness and only lots of juvenile humor. I don't really feel guilty about enjoying those things, but I know that they at the very least do me no good other than simple enjoyment, and in large doses, would actually probably do me harm in terms of dumbing down my thoughts. So a guilty pleasure is just something I enjoy, but also something I understand should be done/used in moderation.
Unpopular opinion time. Please leave your rotten fruit at the door before coming in. I see a lot of posts by redditors and their friends about how excited they are about being "self-published." I hate to say this, but being "self-published" doesn't mean ANYTHING. Let's look at the word "published" first. The mistake "self-publishers" make is equating "hard copy of book" (or ebook equivalent) with "published." Thus, they think that if they print out and bind their work via iuniverse or something, they are then "self-published." Nononno! Being published is not just about having a hard copy of one's work - that misses the forest for the trees. Being published is about convincing a third party that your work is worthwhile enough to support and make public. It's about earning the respect of a group completely independent of you and having them fund the dissemination of your ideas. For a novelist this means convincing a publishing company, big or small, that your story is worthwhile. For an academic it means convincing other academics at a university press that your work is important. For poets... well, you get the idea. The bottom line is that real publishing means passing a critical threshhold: your work earning the respect of someone 100% unrelated to you. There are standards you have to meet or exceed to move on. When you go to iuniverse or Amazon and "self-publish" all you're doing is printing out a copy of your work. There's no acceptance by unrelated peers - there's no meeting of minimum standards of your field, be it fiction, poetry, whatever - it's just a print shop. Anyone with the money can print up their work. This misunderstanding that "self-publish" = "publish" might not matter to the casual writers, who just want hard copies to hand out to friends, or to sell on their website. But if you want to be a serious writer all this does is give you an inflated sense of accomplishment that will sabotage your real development. Good writing takes practice, and if you skip the parts where you have to meet minimum standards, or earn the respect of your peers in an established publishing capacity, you're skipping the hard work. You'll never, ever get better like that and you won't get any closer to a real, published result. When someone sees a publishing company logo on a work, be it something huge like Knopf or something tiny like Quirk, people know you've been independently verified - that you've earned the respect of a group established in the literary field and that group believes in your work enough to make it public. That's trust, that's independent verification. When you have iuniverse on your work, all people see is that you paid money to print up a hard copy of your work. That approval from the literary field at large (or your work's niche in it) is not there. So, please stop saying that you're published when you just released something on Amazon, iuniverse, etc. - frankly it makes you look silly and all you're doing is avoiding the real hard work of publishing and sabotaging your own progress.
Probably Final Edit: I want to thank you all for your incredible input. Really. You have said some great things not only about Dune, but about what defines genres of literature and how I should approach reading novels of different varieties. I've been looking for the wrong things in this book, and I shouldn't discount the quality of the book because of that. I'm going to finish reading it, and take your advice into account: I'm going to invest myself in this last bit and enjoy the book for what it is. It might not be my favorite book ever, but reading is not just about sitting back and zoning out into a book; sometimes, it's about pushing your comfort zone and forcing yourself to try new things. Heck, maybe I'll end up liking Dune sometime in the future if I reread it. Thanks, r/books. Here's the deal. I'm probably 3/4-4/5 through Dune (just past the start of part 3), and I'm just not feeling interested in the book anymore. Sure, the setting is unique, the society set up there is reasonable for the situation, and the tale is told as an epic story of grand political schemes and personal character growth, but I'm just not finding the book to be fun to read. To me, Paul is cool as a character, but I can't connect to him because of just how unusual he is, and after reading 3 books into the Song of Ice and Fire series, with its abundance of strong, complex females, his mother's character seems shallow and trite. I guess what I'm wondering is: is finishing the book worth it? I'm already so invested in it, but the book hasn't made me care about the story or what happens to the characters. Thanks for your input, r/books . edit: also could any replies refrain from discussing the ending in detail? I'm one of those people who hates spoilers of any kind, so maybe keep the passage convincing me to finish the book spoiler-free?
I'm not sure what to think. The article mentioned depressed people tend to have a realistic instead of inflated view of their own lives. And being a person who is clinically depressed and with ptsd, I feel like the article is saying my truthful view on life is not only partly to blame, but also wrong. I thought there were many people who were honest with themselves, but I learn now that all normal people actually lie to themselves. I thought the honesty I showed myself was a strength, instead I find it is the cause of my depression, and only when I start lying to myself is when I'll start being normal. I know plenty of people who give themselves an inflated value of self-worth, and all it does it get them into situations that they are unable to handle. They weren't smart enough or didn't have the right training, but because they lied to themselves and then lied to others, these people got themselves into situations they couldn't handle. Maybe I'm overreacting a bit, but most of my experience with this comes from the military, and when dealing with life, and particularly other people's lives, having an inflated self worth, imo, is foolish and dangerous.
Original post: http://www.reddit.com/r/books/comments/1eqmcv/500000_books_need_homes_pictures_and_details/ The update is here! Thanks for being so patient. First though, Carrie sent me a short biography about the store and herself. It is a giant wall of text, but the read is worth it. (I will make a nice cut off so you can come back to the grab bag details quicker): "Once Sold Tales was started by another man, Rick Henderson, in 2004. My then husband was out of work - an unemployed programmer/network engineer from the "dot bomb" - and he was moonlighting to help our economics out. Rick wanted another field of work, so he sold us the 12,000 books and business for 10% of the year's profits. In 2005, Eric Jenott wrote some software to manage the inventory and competitively reprice it, effectively making us competitive with the largest and most prestigious software companies and online book sellers. Within a month, sales had quintupled. We got employees and they worked in our basement to list books for sale and ship them. We started working with libraries and Friends of the Library groups early on, helping their organizations get money for the online sales of their books. We paid them 35% for their online sales, did free book pickups, and soon were working with public libraries, college libraries, Friends & Foundations of libraries, Union Gospel Mission, thrift stores, churches, other booksellers, and were fundraising for all of them. There were up to 250 different organizations we supported throughout Washington state and Northern Oregon. We've gone from 12,000 books in our basement to over 1/2 Million books in 30,000 sq. ft. of warehouse. Those were good times. Books were flying out the door at good prices. I did some presentations at library functions to help Friends of the Library groups understand the online sales process. We have had a lot of fun. We threw a "Tolkien & Tea" Bilbo Baggins birthday party and had a projector show all 3 extended versions of the Lord of the Rings on our warehouse wall while we served tea and "elevensies" to all who came, and many came in costume. The Knights of Veritas also came out and did demonstrations and we hosted their monthly "historically authentic German Longsword" swordsmanship classes in our warehouse (they are located in Moses Lake). We had a Steampunk English Contra Dance fundraiser and raised $500. We've hosted NaNoWriMo (National Novel Writing Month) participants who were writing novels in November and gave them tons of free coffee and cookies. We invited the local Etsy artisans in to show off their wares and get more public exposure through our bookstore, as we support local business. We also did a lot of cool things, too. We donated thousands of audio books to organizations for the blind. We did food drives and gave away free books to folks who would donate food to Northwest Harvest. We donated pregnancy & childcare books to pregnancy centers, and thousands of books to school literacy nights. We also had a great "Zero to 60" Free Book program that let any child aged Birth - 12th grade to come to our bookstore and get 5 FREE books per month from anything in the bookstore. We've had about 1000 kids come in any given month and get their free books. I really think we did a lot of good and helped a lot of people. I try to remember that in the midst of seeing this "good thing" come to a close. A lot of people have certainly been distressed and sad to see us go and have told us how we've impacted their lives. We were a go-to for families with small children who got their free books each month. One mother had 2 dyslexic sons who had trouble reading. They started coming to Once Sold Tales to pick out books they were interested in and spent much more time reading. They had to build bookshelves in their home, and their dad reads to them every night and now they are proficient and avid readers. THAT makes it all worth it. We changed the world, one life at a time. Once Sold Tales was not only helping the community, but it also helped our staff, and my family. Before the business took off, we were fairly impoverished and going to the food bank. I can appreciate hard times and we never wanted there to be an economic barrier to children having access to books. Our staff have also been positively impacted by Once Sold Tales. At least 2 sets of couples have met at Once Sold Tales, and one has already married. Young staff who are often students have been able to pay for college and cars and have gained leadership and business experience from working at Once Sold Tales. Our turnover rate was ridiculously low - especially for the industry - as so many people loved working here. Recently, 2 people have bought homes. We help each other out. We celebrate birthdays and have a generous sick day policy - because life happens. I hope I can find another place to work that is half as awesome as it was to work at Once Sold Tales.... I'm going to miss the people so much and they have promised that we're going to have regular get togethers so we can keep enjoying each other's company. We're crazy, and we like it that way. :-) I've been working at Once Sold Tales for 9 years - since the beginning. I am a self taught marketer, supply logistics, HR, Bookstore manager, sales rep, customer service, software & warehouse process developer, website designer, and partner organization liaison. I just generally call myself the "Business Developer" but now that we're an LLC, I'm officially the President and CEO. It is the most involved job I've ever had - before this, I was a homeschooling mom of 5. And through all this.....I was still a homeschooling mom of 5. :-) Asking me what is my favorite book is akin to asking me which is my favorite child... I enjoy an eclectic variety, but have noticed a distinct Anglophile trend - I love British authors and abhor post modernism. My favorite books: The Hitchhikers Guide To The Galaxy 5-book trilogy by Douglas Adams, The Lord of the Rings by J. R. R. Tolkien, anything by Robert Louis Stevenson, C. S. Lewis, Yeats, Keats, Longfellow, Ralph Waldo Emerson, Shakespeare... I like Tolstoy and Jules Verne and Richard Feynman. I'm completely addicted to Ted Dekker and devour everything he writes, even though it keeps me up all night because I can't put it down and it's frightened my overactive imagination. I thoroughly enjoyed "Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Dead" and "Catch-22 by Joseph Heller" (not so much his other books). I like Charles Dickens and Daniel Defoe. The Three Musketeers. Adventure novels like what Jack London and Gary Paulson writes. Imaginative works that inspire like things by Madeline L'Engle. I'm hoping to read "Master and Commander" and other books by Patrick O'Brian next. I keep meaning to read "The Wheel of Time" series by Robert Jordan and have mutually enjoyed the works of Brian Jacques with my kids. I also think I want to read "Ender's Game" by Orson Scott Card. I like dramatized history and the occasional biography. I like some classics. But not, by any means all. We have a common rant at Once Sold Tales, and that is our frustration with miserable works being called "classics" about selfish, miserable people doing miserable, selfish things. I particularly dislike stories about dysfunctional families or women, chasing after dysfunctional men, and often it all coming to ruin. That would include almost all "romance" novels, Gone With The Wind, Anna Karenina, Madame Bovary, Wuthering Heights, Doctor Zhivago, and I know enough about F. Scott Fitzgerald and "The Great Gatsby" to imagine it is more misery. I have perhaps offended enough people with my disparaging remarks about Twilight....so perhaps it's best if I just don't go there. :-) My staff have a plan for our extra Twilight copies that I am now trying to GIVE AWAY for free. It. Involves. Kindling. At our busiest, ever, we sold about 3,000 books a day. Not too bad for our little company. " ~~DETAILS (I did promise)~~  ~~Product: Standard Reddit Grab Bag~~  ~~Sizes: Small or Large **EDIT** *Bags will have maximum weight of 4 and 8 lbs respectively*~~  ~~Contents: Approximately 8 or 16 mass market paperbacks~~  ~~Level 0 Categories: Adventure, Chick Lit, Random~~  ~~Level 1 Categories:  Science Fiction, Fantasy, Classics, Westerns, Romance, Young Adult~~  ~~Level 2 Categories:  Whatever you request (Authors, special genres, you name it, Carrie and crew will do their best)~~  ~~COST: 10$ or 18$. SHIPPING INCLUDED FOR CONTINENTAL U.S.~~  ===  ~~Product: Children's Reddit Grab Bag~~  ~~Size: Small or Large~~  ~~Contents: As many books as can fit~~  ~~COST: 12$ or 20$~~  ~~**IMPORTANT NOTE** Do **NOT** go to the website for a grab bag! The website is already bogged down enough, and you **CAN NOT** order the grab bag there. ~~  ~~INTERNATIONAL SHIPPING:    Is a pain. Even just across the border to Canada. Right now, rates are being determined so we can offer a standardized product. I will help get this figured out, but for now, sound off in the comments about what you think works best. Maybe a "Here is X dollars, send me as many books as you can!" deal. This will be updated and decisions will be made.~~  ~~HOW TO PURCHASE:    Paypal is the way to pay. All payments to be made to REMOVED. Subject should be your products and the optional message is not optional. Make certain to share your category selections, but note: while Once Sold Tales will try their hardest to get you what you want, only Category 0 can be guaranteed.~~  Check the album in this post for an example: http://imgur.com/a/8wha3  ~~HOW TO DONATE:~~  ~~I don't know! Paypal does have a Donate button, however there are issues involved, since Carrie is running a for-profit business. Implementation is simple with a Paypal Donate Button, but getting the money later has been difficult for others. If you have a suggestion, put it out there and I will find a best solution. Temporary solution: Buy a small random bag of books and beyond the 10$ price, include an itemized 'handling' fee of your choice. You still get books, but also contribute. Then, when the books arrive you donate them, since you are already awesome. If against Paypal TOS, then don't.~~  ~~GIVING BOOKS:    Have a friend or library that could use books, but they are somewhere else? You can order books for others, as a gift,  just make sure to provide the appropriate information. Note: there are rules about sending books to prisons. So don't.~~  IN-PERSON DEAL:  (Warehouse hours: Mon - Sat 10am - 9pm, Sun Noon - 6)  This one works on the honor system. If you can share Carrie's story with someone who hasn't heard it yet, feel free to show up at the warehouse and get one book for free. This deal is only for regular books (no Gutenberg Bibles, which she doesn't have) and only works if you are buying other books as well. (Listen, I could put all that fine print stuff, about one per person per day per solar eclipse blah blah blah, but just be a cool person. Its way easier, since Carrie will just say no if you aren't) When checking out, just say you are from the internet. No, really.  NOTES:    I have never done this before. If it looks like it was slammed together, well, it was. I appreciate the awesome feedback I've gotten and the kind words. If you commented or messaged me, I will get back to you. Give me some time though. Please, though, message me again if you don't hear from me in a week. If you fall through the cracks, I'm sorry and I will get to you.  **EDIT**: Carrie and crew are already seeing a ton of orders! I think reddit is going to break things, but rest assured that your orders will be worked on. There is only one person who is in charge of shipping so please be patient. I am at the store today, so stop on by and say hi. I will also be doing my best to share what I can and reply to comments, but be kind, I haven't been this in-demand ever.  **EDIT2**: I apologize for the weight limits being enacted. These are really high numbers (most bags are 1/2 to 3/4 that) but there are extra heavy books out there that are throwing off the numbers. These prices are somewhere between losing money and beating out pulping, so we all appreciate your patience and understanding.  ~~**EDIT3**: International shipping is here! You select the categories, however there is only one size: USPS Large Flatrate Priority box. These boxes are 23-11/16" x 11-3/4" x 3" or 12" x 12" x 5-1/2" with a maximum weight of 20lbs. Carrie and crew will shove as many books as they can inside. Prices are $65 for Canadian and $85 for all other international. I know the price is high and I'm sorry those not in the continental US can't enjoy the cheapest of books. *Make sure to note INTERNATIONAL so the crew knows how to pull*~~
J.R.R. Tolkien: Then Edward did journey to land that in that time was then known as Forks. His folk were of the ageless race that did hide their faces from the sun for though they might glitter as diamonds under sun,they were shunned by the free peoples of Washington. And Edward did dwell in solitude until one day a maiden of the south did travel. In her land she was called Bella. She did appear to him to be the most fairest of all mortal women that he had witnessed and her mind was as a wall to his vision. His love for her was so great that for time he did almost seem to exact strange hatred upon her visage. And she did flee before his eyes. Victor Hugo: Bela is coveted by Edward. He won't tell her that he loves her directly and prefers to spend all his time in church alternately praying for release from his obsessive love for her and peering our the window for a glimpse of her as she passes by. This take 200+ pages to describe. One hundred page interlude describing the something do with the Napoleonic Wars. Bella becomes pregnant with Jacobs child who then leaves her to go live in Seattle and spend the rest of his life in leisure. She is then forced to flee to the church for sanctuary after the townspeople discover she is pregnant a werewolf. While she lives in the church Edward continues to stalk her but never reveals how he feels. Meanwhile, a cleaning woman is smitten with Edward. Her mother was a maid to Edwards father, who were both secret lovers. One night she finally works up the courage to tell Edward how she feels and enters his room right as she sees him trying to embrace Bella.
A few months ago I posted that my grandma had just published her first book, and that it was awesome for many reasons. Here is the original post: http://www.reddit.com/r/books/comments/g1iue/my_85_year_old_grandma_just_published_her_first/ She has been in town all summer (she lives elsewhere the rest of the year) and our small local library has scheduled her to lead a book discussion and signing a few weeks ago. Other local cafes have hosted her for this same exact event, as well as other libraries in other parts of our state. An anonymous community dweller here in town read the book beforehand and felt that it was "inappropriate for discussion" because the book used the word "fuck" and she objected to it. She called the head county librarian (about 2 hours away from our tiny local branch) and told her to cancel the scheduled book discussion. It was indeed cancelled, flyers had to be removed from town and people were turned away at the library door on the day of the discussion (who went there for that purpose). My grandma was shocked and outraged. In my grandma's words in an e-mail to me about it: " Can you believe this? Not only censorship of a book, but censorship of "freedom of speech". NOT ONE LIBRARIAN READ THE BOOK and yet they believed this **#$%^ $!%& woman and cancelled the discussion based on her opinion." She actually asked me if I would post her story to Reddit for her, so here you go. I think that any support, advice, or direction for her would be appreciated. Here is a link to the book on Amazon: http://www.amazon.com/ROSIES-GRINGO-PALACE-Irene-Tritel/dp/0982805306/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1315175779&sr=8-1 I do have to go out in just a bit and will be gone for a while, but will be back tonight if you have questions you need answered. EDIT: I'm back, it's 9:24 Pacific time - here to respond to the comments who are questioning my validity....I guess? EDIT: It's too late, I gotta sleep. I also removed some offensive words above, as they were bothering me. Sorry. My perogative, nothing more. TL;DR: My grandma got fucked by the local library for using the word "fuck" in her book.
Hello r/books. My best friend since birth lived a completely healthy life for 23 years. 3 months ago he started getting dizzy, then losing motor functions and worse as time passed. Within 3 months he was bed ridden and diagnosed with a brain tumor. They removed the brain tumor via surgery 3 weeks ago but the tests came back that it was melanoma cancer in stage 4. It has spread to 3 places on his spine and he's started emergency chemo and radiation. He is losing his will to live very fast and I need your help. I bought him an iPhone and I need some music/audio books for it that are positive, encouraging and will give him mental strength to live. I firmly believe the cancer fight is one of mental willpower and he need's all the help he can get. Any help will be greatly appreciated!!! Thanks TL;DR : Friend has brain cancer. He's now blind. Lost the will to live. Need audio books to inspire and encourage him. EDIT: Thank you guys so much for all of your feedback. I watched this for an hour yesterday and it wasn't getting any votes so I gave up :( I checked books today just to see if there was anything new and I saw this had shot up. I'm going to look over everyone's responses and get all the audio books I can for him! Thank you all for your help and I'll let him know he has a whole group of fans on reddit :) EDIT #2: Thanks again everyone. I read every single comment and compiled an awesome list of books I know he will love. I took the advice of many here and I'm aiming towards good stories rather than purely inspirational. You all played a part into helping someones life in a huge way. I hope each one of you realize how meaningful that is. Thanks again :)
I am one of the more active moderators on r/writing. I'd be happy to help out here too. edit: Sent deodrus an email, so hopefully that will get his attention. edit2: I had never noticed that this subreddit didn't have many moderators. I think that is why I have gone back and forth subscribing for a few weeks, then unsubscribing for a few. Posts here are hit and miss. I think with a good group of experienced moderators, we can raise the overall quality of posts and increase engagement across the board. Moderators serve as a front line of defense for repetitive posts, spam posts, and off-topic posts primarily. Moderators also serve to foster community spirit by weeding out trouble makers, managing the deciding of rules, and by being leaders in any way they can be. Whoever is chosen to be added to the team needs to have their head on straight, and understand the underlying principles of reddit, r/books, and the people who spend time here. edit3: Ideas I have to improve the sub right away: add more buttons to the sidebar: we can have buttons that say "ask for suggestions" that link to . We can have a button that says "submit picture" that links to the submission page of . This would eliminate a certain degree of troublesome posts. But we could also have buttons that automatically tag titles of posts like a button that says "Discuss a book" that when you click it it has guidelines for a post about discussing books and how to tag it and the proper protocol (which we can decide when the time comes).
I searched but couldn't find anything. I always wanted to read all the classics, i.e. a lot of the ones that are on the lists on this subreddit, and all the ones that are free on the amazon website for the kindle. But whenever I read anything by someone like Dickens, it's just gibberish to me. It takes me a very long time to understand each sentence, re-reading everything. Is there a list of books I can read that'll slowly build up my understanding of the language used pre-20th century? I try to read classic poetry every day but that doesn't help much. I was thinking of taking a classic book from each decade and reading them in backwards chronological order, but I'm not sure that'd help if I don't know exactly what books to read. I have a good friend who is a professor of english literature and she says that Dickens and books like that aren't really very good, and she prefers the ones that are written more simply anyway, so she can't help me. Any ideas? EDIT: Thankyou so much guys :) I'm very surprised how much of a response this has got. I'll take all your advice on board.
I know there have been threads about peoples' favorite series before, but this one is for longer ones. I love nothing more than getting into a great series because who doesn't love a series that keeps you up until the early morning and then makes you get out of bed to find the next one and continue the story. Here's my list: Robert Jordan's (RIP) Wheel of Time. Really just an epic series coming in at 14 books. The final novel is set to be released in January. It got me over my fantasy prejudice. The first book borrows heavily from Lord of the Rings and the author acknowledged this, but from there, it's pretty original world that he creates. There's a minor issue in that book 10, Crossroads of Twilight, is pretty slow. But the series is too good for a single mediocre book to drag it down. I highly suggest it. Give it a shot. Mat Calhoun becomes the best character after being kinda a dick. A Song of Ice and Fire. I don't think that this one really requires an explanation. Another great fantasy world. Martin really drags you in with Game of Thrones before putting in any of the weirder, more fantastical elements. Bernard Cornwell's Sharpe series. There are 11 original books that take Sharpe through the Spanish Peninsula all the way to Waterloo during the Napoleonic Wars as he fights under Wellington. Sharpe is a commoner who was jumped up from the ranks and commands a groups of riflemen- skirmishers. Sharpe is a badass character that is just a ton of fun to read. Cornwell writes great stories and he does a fantastic job at describing the battles in a way that makes them come alive and also very easy to follow. The series was popular enough to warrant Cornwell writing 3 prequels of him in India and now there are 24 total Sharpe books. I recommend to everyone, but I think guys are more likely to like it. Bernard Cornwell's Saxon Stories. Uthred is an Anglo (ok, I'm messing up the term) who is captured by Danes who raise him. He loves the Danes and follows their beliefs. But he becomes a warlord of Alfred the Great, who is responsible for creating the idea of England instead of separate kingdoms. Uthred is another great character. He's fun to listen to, talks down to the priests (except one or two), creates controversy, and is another badass motherfucker whose exploits are just a ton of fun to follow. Conn Iggulden's Conqueror series. Follows Genghis Khan from childhood, his uniting of the Mongol people, and their conquests. Later goes on to follow his descendants. Really good historical fiction. First book is a tad slow for a little bit, but it picks right up again. Based heavily on The Secret History of the Mongols. His Emperor series will be 5 books when the next one comes out, but it's just too fictionalized and untrue to the historical record for my taste. Colleen McCullough's Master of Rome Series. Probably the best historical fiction out there in terms of scholarship, accuracy, and detail. 7 books take you from 110-27 BC. Very long books that are pretty dense. But the time period is well documented and she does a great job with it. There are plenty of real characters that she uses that are all fascinating. Patrick O'Brian's Aubrey–Maturin series (AKA Master and Commander). Probably the golden standard of historical fiction. If you're interested in the British Navy during the time period, this is what you want to read. Great books. Must reads. Hornblower gets a nod, but O'Brian's series is better. Simon Scarrow's Eagle series. Follows a Roman centurion and his optio (think sergeant). Cato is upjumped as a favor for his father and has to prove himself whereas Macro is a grizzled veteran. They have enemies within the officer corps of the Roman elite who strive to undermine them. Two really cool characters that interact well. The first books start in Britain, but they go all over the Empire. Pretty good to the historical record for the most part. Vince Flynn's Mitch Rapp series. Kind of a guilty pleasure of mine. Rapp is a CIA agent who does the whole counter-terrorism deal. Lots of stereotypes. He's a badass. He hates the red tape and regulations that hold him back from achieving his goals. All that good stuff. But the stories are good, plots interesting, and it shits all over something like Dan Brown in terms of a light read that is actually good. King's The Dark Tower- 8 books, all really good. Read it. I know I'm forgetting a couple so I'll post some more later. Would like to see what r/books likes in terms of series and maybe find a new one for when I finish rereading Wheel of Time. edit: fucking bullet point
While I applaud your actions, as the husband of a teacher I find this a very difficult problem. In every job I have ever had I expect and receive everything I need to do my job and this is taken as being part of having a business. In teaching there seems to be an unrealistic burden placed on teachers to supply large quantities of equipment the school should be supplying. What annoys me even more is that the people in control of the budgets know that teachers are too committed to hurt the children by refusing to spend their own money, so the budget holders are never forced to confront their own tight fistedness (I am referring to politicians, not the budget holders of the school). As a household the money we end up contributing to the running of a school is no great hardship, but it is annoying knowing that it's in addition to the tax already pay. Maybe there needs to be one day a year where teachers present all the receipts of vital school supplies they've purchased themselves. Then we burn the current minister for education in effigy. Anyway, great book choices.
Ok, so with the final Harry Potter film coming up soon, I had my usual OCD urge to finish the book series before I watched the last two films. I downloaded a torrent file with a bunch of books, and was pleased to see the Harry Potter series in it, thinking I'd finally get through it. I trudged through, and finally finished it last night. I was talking with my roommate and his girlfriend today about how I hated the end where they alluded to Dudley Dursley being the next Voldemort, and was met with looks of confusion. I explained where it happened, and then we went back and forth, and apparently our versions of the book had been different. I was confused, because as we got deeper into it, it became clear that we had read COMPLETELY DIFFERENT versions of this last book. I checked the wikipedia, and it fell in line with what they were saying about the book, which I had not believed them because it sounded like it SUCKED compared to the version I had read. I decided I must find out the truth, and went on a quest. I then found the FANFIC I had just read, which had been placed in the massive torrent file, renamed as Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows. I highly encourage reading through it - the ENTIRE book was rewritten, and it was very well done. I now go to find the real version to finish (pissed off, I thought I was done with this series!) - and I leave this post here for you all to be amused, ridiculing, curious, blasé, whatever, etc., et al, ad nauseam. EDIT: Some of you seem to think I have an aversion to supporting the author, which is just completely untrue. It happened to be in a big torrent of books, most of which were out-of-print/free. I was lazy and read the books, so what? I'll probably buy the series again anyways, just 'cause I like to own things, and digital copies just don't have the same feel. For the rest of you who saw this as the amusing event that I saw it as, carry on.
Over a year ago, Raerth took upon himself the superhuman task of creating a list of Reddit's favorite books, which is linked in the sidebar and I'm sure most of you have seen. Now he's working on a new, updated list with more data, so with that in mind I figure it's time for a new thread where we can add such data by voting on our favorite books with our upvotes. Please be sure to: Include the author as well as the title in each post Only post one book per post Preferably include separate books in a series in separate post (IE, don't post "The Lord of the Rings." Instead, post separate entries with each respective book. Be sure to Ctrl+F to see if your book has already been posted. I'll start with a few of my favorites. EDIT: There are a lot of novels here which is wonderful, but I'd like to remind you that you can also submit books of nonfiction, plays, or short stories. EDIT2: There are a few duplicates showing up. Please be sure to use Ctrl+F so that duplication can be avoided and Raerth can count more easily. EDIT3: As the list of books in this thread gets larger, please be sure not to only give a cursory glance at the top-voted suggestions but also dig into the ones that may be lower down!
I had to get the hardback of The Ocean at the End of the Lane for my local book club, and of course I got it for a substantial discount via Amazon, but I find it unacceptable that a publisher can list a cover price of $26 for what Gaiman admits in the afterword is a short story stretched into a novel, and which I think is really at best a novella (or, if Stephen King wrote it, an actual short story). I think prices like this are helping contribute to the demise of the local independent bookseller, who can't possibly match the 47% discount Amazon offers, and to the demise of the printed book and brick-and-mortar bookstores in general. What causes this? Are paper costs really climbing that high? Are ebooks and the deep discounts they offer forcing publishers to compensate by raising prices on physical books? Or am I overreacting, and should just accept that having to pay $30+ to hold a book in your hands is the way of the world now? EDIT: I'm not really sure what I expected as a relatively new user on Reddit, but I want to thank you all for a lot of thoughtful, reasonable, respectful responses. (Cue racist deluge NOW.)
This is called artificial scarcity - you create an artificial system that enforces scarcity on an unlimited good, because that's the simplest way of milking it for cash. It fits the old resource constrained model of physical goods that we've become used to - and crafted economic systems around - over the last few millennia. There is very little gold, it's hard for individuals to get more, therefore it has value. Air is plentiful, it's easy for individuals to get more, therefore it has no value. Note that economic value has no correlation to actual value, in this example, just to scarcity. However, this model doesn't fit digital things at all - they are, by their nature, unlimited in quantity and duplication and distribution are virtually cost free. Duplication also produces a copy perfect in every way - and leaves the original intact - meaning that you can make an infinite number of copies, and distribute one to everyone on the planet for free, without 'stealing' the 'original' file - it'll still be there. This means that digital things are sort of like Air in our example - they have no value under our current economic systems, because they are not just abundant, but truly infinite in supply. Digital things are a new type of thing - made of bits, not atoms. They behave differently, following completely different rules to physical goods. Trying to make them follow the rules that physical things follow doesn't work very well, as the media & content industries are currently painfully discovering. The current schemes attempting to impose artificial scarcity are not only faintly ridiculous, but also mathematically impossible - they cannot be made to work, even in theory. They can only make things harder temporarily - by making digital goods a bit more like physical goods, for a while.
I don't really know how to do this, because my post was over the max characters, so I've decided to put the other parts in my comments rather than making three or four separate posts. Hopefully this works for you all. I was looking at my bookcase tonight and I decided to pull some books from there that I really enjoyed, but don't often see people talk about, and share them with you. I always enjoy recommendations, and I hope you all enjoy them as well. I write notes for every book I've read. If you have any questions about the books, I can dig up my notes and share with you what I wrote while reading the book. I've shared what little I remember about each one. The Counterfeiters by Andre Gide - Set in Paris just prior to World War I, this novel uses the plot of counterfeit money to explore some pretty interesting concepts (e.g., what is value? what differentiates a copy from its original?). With a tone of hopeless nihilism, and a seedy, cynical prose, we follow human disorder, weakness and despair from birth to death. The Demolished Man by Alfred Bester - In a future ruled by enlightened telepaths who prevent crime by knowing about it before it occurs, how can one man possibly get away with murder? This masterpiece is a super interesting sci-fi read whose suspense will have you turning pages when you should be sleeping. It's not a highly intellectual read, but a lot of good fun to be had here. Hunger by Knut Hamsun - This is the story of a man who is losing his mind from starvation. It's a story of a man with too much pride. Honestly, very rarely does a book really get under my skin, but this book made me feel as though I was losing my mind. I thoroughly enjoyed it, but was glad when it was finally over as well. Angels by Denis Johnson - After reading Seek, I found myself a bit obsessed with Denis Johnson. I've now read many of his books, but one that has stuck with me has to be his first novel, Angels. Quite a few years ago I was having a discussion with a friend about the role each person has in their own life. I was on the side that people are often nothing more than captives of their own circumstances, while my friend took a much more Sartrean approach saying that each person wills their own life, thus is responsible for everything that comes out of it. This discussion is one of the major themes of this book. How much of a role do we have in our own lives, and how much of where we are is due to our circumstances? Denis Johnson is probably the best American writer alive -- sad he doesn't get more recognition. Pigtopia by Kitty Fitzgerald - I really enjoyed Katherine Dunn's Geek Love, and when I set out to find something similar, I certainly wasn't thinking I'd find something better, but that's exactly what happened. In the same vein as Dunn's book, Pigtopia is certainly filled with gore and macabre. However, as shocking as this book may be, it is also filled with beauty. It's the story of a disfigured, abused, and abandoned idiot who has created his own world (a la Pan's Labyrinth) to escape his reality. Someone comes along and pulls him from his world to help him face the real world. This is an awesome story of rejection and love. I don't want to give too much away, so I'll stop here. Second Hand Smoke by Thane Rosenbaum - Honestly, I've read way too many books about the Holocaust -- I'm really done with this subject at this point. However, I picked up this book on my wife's recommendation, and I'm really glad I gave it a chance. Unlike many Holocaust books, this one doesn't actually deal with the concentration camps directly. Rather, this is a book set in Miami, following a card shark who lives by the wits she used to survive the Holocaust. More than that, this is the story of her family, and how her experience impacts those who did not experience it. Now maybe the title packs more of a hit? Meditations in Green by Stephen Wright - This was one of the best war novels I've read. It's the story of the Vietnam war, and its aftermath, and the chronicle of the decay of one soldier. The protagonist is initially a cocky man, thinking the war may be a bit of fun, and something he can certainly get through unharmed. We watch as the man decays from an intelligent and strong person into a heroin addict trying to turn himself into a plant form. The amazing aspect of this book is how Wright is able to relate the Vietnam war to the absurdities in our lives in the real world. James Griffin (the protagonist) hasn't really left what is wrong with the world back in Vietnam. This isn't going to be very popular around here, but I enjoyed this book more than I enjoyed Catch-22, and Wright certainly deserves far more recognition than Heller received, but alas that's not how history unfolded. Kitchen by Banana Yoshimoto - This is actually two short stories, each dealing with death, transsexuality, kitchens and love. The biggest focus here is going on with one's own life after the loss of a loved one. I really enjoyed both stories, and thought they dealt with the subject matter beautifully. In the Dutch Mountains by Cees Nooteboom - I really enjoy the creativity of Cees Nooteboom. I've yet to read anything by him that I did not enjoy. This story starts in a classroom, where a Spanish bureaucrat tells a story. The story is of Kai and Lucia, the children of circus performers, who are forced to leave their safe home and travel to a place in ruins. Kai is abducted by the Snow Queen's sorcerer, leaving Lucia -- with the aid of a clown -- to save him. This is a great book for kids, but even adults will enjoy entering the imaginative and incredible worlds Cees Nooteboom builds. Caucasia by Danzy Senna - Being biracial myself (Mexican/White), I am very interested in the subject of race. This is the story of a young girl's struggle to understand her roots and her identity. However, this book transcends the subject of race -- while examining it -- and is really a story of identity that any race can identify with.
11. The Engineer of Human Souls by Josef Skvorecky - The story is told from the ruins of Central Europe; yet what emerges is a comedy that is dark and explosively funny. One of the main themes of this book is how small people can stand up and fight against a very strong government. As well, this book explores what it's like to be an exile, all alone in the world. It may not sound like it, but it's something you'll find yourself relating to. 12. Babel-17 by Samuel R. Delaney - I love cheesy sci-fi covers. Actually, I stayed far away from sci-fi for many years due to the cheesy covers, but in the end it was a cheesy cover that convinced me to pick up my first sci-fi novel. Babel-17 is about language, how it defines who we are, how it relates to our thoughts, and how it controls every aspect of our lives. Personally, I'm not much of one for analytic philosophy. I'd rather read Heidegger than Frege any day. But, I've got to be honest, this book has really piqued my interest in the philosophy of language, and since finishing this book I've been reading what Frege, Kripke, Russell, Searle and Putnam have to say on the subject. 13. The Fixer by Bernard Malamud - Set in Tsarist Russia, this tells the story of a Jewish handyman who is blamed for the brutal murder of a young Russian boy. He goes on the run, denies his Jewish identity, and finds himself in an anti-Semitic group. Malamud said of the book: "Whatever else it had to be about, it had to be about how the idea of freedom grows in the mind of a man subjected to a grave injustice." This book is a masterpiece.
I make a point of giving away my books after I read them (with rare exceptions). I've given away about 80 or 90 books on Bookmooch. I have 70 points, which basically means 70 free books. I'll NEVER use all of them because I get a book, then post it right back after I'm done and get my point again. I hate for them to just be sitting there and never used. If you want a FREE book (don't even pay shipping) browse the site and if you see something you want, send me a PM and I'll reserve it and have it sent to you. Edit: Be sure to view the inventory of the site and send me a link to the book that you want. Not everything is available... only what people are willing to get rid of. Also send your address so I know where to have it shipped. Edit2: I'm at work and we're leaving the office for the afternoon. I'll reply and send when I get home. Please be sure to look at the listing and make sure that the user that's sending it will ship within your country. Also, send me the address so that I can request right away. Thanks! Edit3: Oh geez, I wake up after sobering up and have 6 pages of requests. I'll be answering them on a first come, first serve basis. You'll get a PM from me either way. Now to start requesting! Edit 4: Ok, I think I broke the site. I sent requests for 20 books and it's telling me that a mod needs to contact me, probably because of the high volume of requests. ha! I'll continue after they fix it. I'm currently reviewing requests that were sent around 2pm EST, just so you can see where you stand in line. Books Sent The Scarlet Letter A Vast Conspiracy: The Real Story of the Sex Scandal That Nearly Brought Down a President Living History A Beautiful Mind The Ox-Bow Incident A Tale of Two Cities Raptor Red The Terminal Man The Memory of Earth Hyperion The Goodbye Book: A Gleeful Guide to the Tearful Partings of Men and Women--From Movies, Literature, Songs and Life--With Quavering Lost Boys: A Novel Dragons of Light The Talisman TWO COPIES Skeleton Crew Looking Forward A Farewell to Arms The Lord of the Rings The Devil Wears Prada States Sent to: NY x 2 AL TX x 2 RI MA NC WI x 2 IL x 3 20 book sent so far!
I don't mean while you are actively reading, but the experience of being in the middle of a book and going about your day, the passive moments where you are within the story but not actively reading and moving it forward. This is going to be tough to describe accurately, but I feel like the attitudes of characters begin to get channeled through me. My general stance or posture towards the world always gets influenced too. I think this is one of the reasons I love reading Haruki Murakami novels; the world takes on this magical tinge as I'm walking around the city after I'd been reading something by him like the night before. Most recently I read Franzen's Freedom as I went through a break-up and I found solace (or at times, wallowed in the pain of the experience) through inhabiting the mental space of various characters through out it. I am assuming this can't be that unusual, but it is rarely discussed as far as I know. This feature of reading is one of the things that in my mind sets the printed word apart as a medium. It engages your mind so fully that it almost re-calibrates your perspective for a while.
I'm thinking of unsubscribing from this subreddit because every post (including the gratuitous "Look which books I just bought!" and the "best of" lists) seems to just fawn over the same few authors. I get it: nerds like Douglas Adams, Neil Gaiman, Stephen King, J.R.R. Tolkien, Orson Scott Card, Kurt Vonnegut, Frank Herbert, George R. R. Martin, and J.K. Rowling. These are mostly good authors, and a couple are great. But we've all heard of all of them at this point. Why aren't there more posts about non-fiction books? Or literary fiction? How about discussion of classic literature, or reviews of new books that aren't necessarily sf/fantasy? Yes, I know these things get posted to some extent, but right now there are three different Gaiman related posts, a meme, an Ender's Game post, a post about The fucking Alchemist, and multiple posts about a potential movie of The Giver, a young adult book. I guess this is just me blowing off steam and it will (deservedly) get downvoted to hell. It's just that when I found this subreddit I was excited, because I love to read lots of different kinds of books, and talk about them, and I thought I would find people who feel the same. So now that I've most likely alienated everyone here, do any of you feel the same as me? Do you wish more different types of books/authors were discussed? Or do you think I'm being unfair and overreacting? Maybe I'm just a big jerk? I'm curious to see what you all think.
That's because they're easy to love. Its like young love, all you see is that idealistic part of a person. Adult love is a lot more difficult because it's real, you pick up the nuances that make them real, and you recognize when something is frill and when something is from the heart. It's all fine and dandy to like a book when you were younger, but reading them today, you realize you're fooling yourself. As you evolve, the books you love evolve. That's what make those books that are hard to read so great, because they challenge you, they ask you "Who are you really and why the hell do you think that?". They may make you cry or make you laugh uproariously, but the great books just leave you with a strange feelings. You're slightly unsettled, but you can't stop reading, because with every sentence everything just makes more sense. Great books are great because they're torture, and love is torture, and art is torture. Everything resonates with the suffering of all the little people and things over the world, and the devil is in the details.
The r/Books mods are firming up the concept of what r/Books is all about. Feel free to weigh in on opinions related to: Purpose We will develop a guiding statement for r/Books going forward. Something to help new members understand what the subreddit is about and to help moderators keep things in line. This community is focused on discussing books, authors, genres, or everything else book related. The current statement might cover it for us without any changes. Discussion of books, info on authors, genres and everything else. We may add scope to include the publishing industry and e-books into that scope as well. 2) Rules - What r/Books Encourages and Removes These are my draft points of view that can be accepted, rejected or adjusted. We mods are working through what should be carved in stone and what might need to evolve organically with the community... I will personally push for no memes. None at all. Point here is that memes become the antithesis of book discussion, which should be at the core of r/Books. We will work to encourage posting of book-related news and questions that spur book-related discussions. Book recommendations are a constant request. Potential to have a process in place to highlight recommendation questions. Bookporn should probably be eliminated. "Look at what I own" pictures rarely add value and there are subreddits like r/bookshelf for bookish photo shoots. Blogspamming is an issue today and will only become more of an issue. We will continue to ban spammers quickly. AMAs will continue to become part of the agenda. The nature of r/Books is that these will need to be more recognized authors plus industry people. Point in all of this is to add an element of focus to r/Books as the subreddit grows. We all have seen subreddits degrade due to volume and lack of purpose. We will also be putting out an official request for help from new mods - please keep an eye out. Thoughts?
