Here is a compilation of the top 80 real life cheat codes written by reddit community. PLEASE NOTE THAT THE FOLLOWING LIST IS COMPLETELY BASED OF THE COMMENTS ON REDDIT, COMMENTS (INCLUDING ADDITIONAL EDITS TO THEM) HAVE BEEN COPIED AND PASTED VERBATIM (INCLUDING "EDITS"). PLEASE LOOK AT THE COMMENTS OF THIS POST FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION REGARDING THESE TIPS AND REALISE THAT THEY MAY NOT BE ACCURATE, HAVE NEGATIVE CONSEQUENCES, OR ARE COMPLETELY RIDICULOUS. The original submission created 2 years ago by Lurial Number Cheat #0 This is a compilation of tips from the internet and although everything on the internet is true, check the comments below and do you're own research before attempting them. #1 Permalink Stop: Stop: Play. Skip advertisements in movies and go straight to the movie. #2 Permalink Dial 0 during most automatic menu phone systems to be taken to operator to route your call. also, mashing buttons may work as well. Whenever you have a voice automated phone system, typically saying "representative" gets you someone right away. Update In regards to Cheat Code # 2 I recommend this site: http://gethuman.com/ #3 Permalink keep a spare car key in your wallet/purse. If you have a bulky Key that won't fit in your wallet, get a key made that doesn't have the electronic chip on it. It will still unlock the car, it just won't start it. changed by popular request Risk Update: if your wallet is stolen they have your car key. All they need to do is go to your house some time later and take your car out of your driveway. #4 Permalink Riding a bicycle will save you lots of money on gas, parking, medical bills, and gym memberships. #5 Permalink If you are speeding and suddenly up ahead see a cop that clearly just tagged you, slow down and wave to him/her. Your odds of being pulled over are quite a bit reduced. #6 Permalink Don't be rude, but NEVER answer any cops questions when they call you in for questioning. #7 Permalink when getting lectured into voice mail, hit 1, pause momentarily. If you aren't put through immediately, hit *, pause. Finally, hit # if neither 1 or * worked. It is called the 1-star-pound technique, and it works for all cell carriers. #8 Permalink If your credit card magnetic stripe starts to get worn from use and being in your wallet, and doesn't always read in the card reader, you can use the plastic bag trick. Put the card in a plastic grocery bag and then swipe it. Not sure why it works, but it does.Taking it further though, you can simply apply a piece of quality cellophane tape over the mag stripe for a "permanent" plastic bag trick. #9 Permalink At the end of your shower turn the water really (or all the way) cold. This will wake you up and get blood flowing. Update 9: It also closes your pores to allow for less dirt and bacteria to get in to help reduce acne problems. #10 Permalink Macy's credit cards usually have a 20% discount on purchases. I pay with the Macy's card, then while still at the register, I immediately pay off the charge with my debit card. I just got 20% off my purchase and I never get a credit card bill. - this also works with JCP and kohl's cards. #11 Permalink When you buy something online, you usually get a chance to enter a promo code before you purchase. Google the promo codes. They're out there - you can get anything from free shipping to 25% off the purchase. #12 Permalink Turn it off, then on again. #13 Permalink Buy things out of season, this can save you money. Unless its food, then buy it in season. #14 Permalink When you have forgotten someones name, simply say : "I'm sorry, but what was your name one more time." They may act offended, but when they give you there first name you simply reply "No, I meant your last name." (more socially acceptable to forget). Bingo. First and last names. #15 Permalink When eating buffalo wings, the flat portions. You can detach the smaller bone on one end very easily, then twist it a bit and it will just slide out. You're now left with a big hunk of meat and only 1 bone, you can just bite it off into your mouth in one piece, flintstones-style. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BRcOY-PvOC8 #16 Permalink Gently work an orange in your hands to loosen the peel from the fruit. This makes it easy enough to get the whole peel in one shot. #17 Permalink Can't find your car in a parking lot? hitting the lock button trying to get it to beep? Extend the distance of key-less entry by putting the key under your chin. The signal will resonate in your skull increasing the range dramatically. I swear to god this works, and I'm told it's safe because the radiation is non-ionizing. verification notice from ddrt via AskReddit sent 20 hours ago 9 is called the scottish shower. Just sayin' EDIT: I just tried #17 holy shit it works! #18 Permalink If you get a ticket on the windshield of your car, you can potentially get away with parking illegally in the same lot for the rest of the day by keeping the ticket on your windshield. edited reduced from a few days for a single day. #19 Permalink Most tinfoil and saran wrap boxes have little push-in tabs on the sides. If you push them in, the roll won't fall out when you try to rip out a sheet of it. #20 Permalink Keep a list of all of the credit card phone numbers (1-800) in your cell phone. This way, if your wallet is ever lost, you can call them immediately to have them disabled. It's also a good idea to place all of the cards in your wallet on a copier and print a page to keep at home. This will give you access to your License #, etc. Update: You should update 20. If you lose your wallet.. as in misplace it.. put a hold on your credit cards. Do NOT cancel. If you cancel it can later show up on your credit report. If you believe you are going to find it later, placing a hold saves you the red mark on your report. #21 Permalink If you are driving an unfamiliar car and you don't know which side the gas tank is on, just look at the little pump icon next to the gas gauge on the dashboard. The pump handle on the icon will be on the side of the tank. Update: saw the gas tank one on an older reddit, turns out the handle thing is not consistant. But there IS usually a little arrow next to the icon. Second Update 99% of the time the gas door is opposite of the tailpipe. So far, I have only found that early-mid 2000 Pontiac Vibes break this trend. Third update if there is no arrow, then it most likely is on the passenger's side. I've yet to see one without an arrow that wasn't on the passenger's side #22 Permalink this tip was unpopular, so im changing it This one changed my life. If you're at home/work/party or GOD forbid your girlfriend's house and the toilet starts to overflow, take the lid off the back reservoir part and lift the long handle as far up as it will go. The water will stop rising and then you can quietly mutter curses at it till it goes back down (which it does, more often than not...) link to a Diagram: http://superhomeideas.com/images/toilet.gif #23 Permalink to peel a boiled egg, roll it around on your plate for a while until all of the eggshell is cracked evenly. Then it's easy to remove the complete shell at once. After you boil eggs immediately place them in ice cold water for a few minutes. No vinegar or salt or oil or whatever people use. Shells slip right off #24 Permalink you spill any liquid that will stain on your carpet (red wine, juice, etc), pour some salt on it. Work it into the carpet - just rub it in with your hands. Leave it there for a few hours (for serious stains, up to a day) and vacuum it out. Voila, stain gone. #25 Permalink If you park in a large parking garage/shopping centre, get out and take a photo on your cell phone of the nearest parking sign (Area B2, etc). You will never lose your car again. #26 Permalink If you drive stick and the battery s dead, get some friends, put the key to the on position, put the car in 2nd and push the clutch down. have your friends push your car. when you get a decent speed going let the clutch up. (this is called "Popping the clutch." your car with start and you can drive around for a while to recharge your battery(provided nothing is wrong with the battery or the alternator). Update thanks for the input guys, i switched it from 1st gear to 2nd gear. #27 Permalink Tapping on the top of a beer or soda can will make it fizz less! This has been proven wrong in the comment section but you can tap the side of the can to get rid of the bubbles/fizz as seen here so the can doesn't explode. #28 Permalink Peel a banana from the bottom, which is one of r/sciences 2nd highest scoring link of all time! http://www.reddit.com/r/science/top/?t=all #29 Permalink 4,2,3,1 -- Vending machine cheat code. (As in, the vertical buttons machines, like this one http://i.imgur.com/9jJTG.jpg ). will grant access to vending machine's diagnostic menu. most times the fun features are disabled, but i've gotten a free powerade and a couple cokes in the past. #30 Permalink use this at your own risk Re: #30, I worked as a parking enforcement officer during college and we can tell when it's fake. The fine for this offense (at the university I worked at) was $250, and usually a ban from parking at the university (i.e., booted or towed on sight). College Parking Cheat Code: Anyone who's gone to a college or university knows they usually charge a ridiculous amount of money for parking (usually $300+ for a semester pass or $10+ for the daily passes), a service that should fucking be free for students considering the high cost of education. Fuck them. Buy one daily pass at the beginning of the school year (usually a small paper ticket printed out a machine on the lot), take it home and scan it, photoshop the date for tomorrow, and print. Repeat for the next 4 years. Anyone with even the most rudimentary photoshop skills can pull this off convincingly. Even if your printer is shitty, from behind the tint and glare of a car windshield, it might as well be a 7-11 receipt. I did this for 2 years at a UC and saved hundreds of dollars. The new list of real-life cheat codes based on the top scoring comments from both the new list created by MrCassiBro and the old list Number Cheat #31 Permalink When you go to a restaurant where they bring you your drink in a cup/glass, ask for no ice or for ice on the side. Often what they do is load your drink with ice so that it seems as if there's more in there, especially at bars. #32 Permalink When you pour soda, pour it along the side of the cup instead of directly into it - like they do at bars. This keeps alot of the "fizzyness" in the drink and as a result, it keeps a lot of the texture and flavor. #33 Permalink If you need to withdraw more money than your limit, if you do it quickly enough, you can withdraw your limit twice from the same ATM and sometimes the one next to it before it stops you from withdrawing any more. #34 Permalink If you back up the toilet at work or someones house with no plunger available, look for liquid hand soap. Dump some in the toilet and wait about five minutes and flush again. The soap lubricates the nasties so they'll flush away. If its still clogged, find a way to dump hot water in the toilet, as it can have the same effect. Use the trash can or something. If its still clogged, kick the door open and run like hell. Find a new job or new friends. You just left their toilet full of hot soapy shit soup, you asshole. #35 Permalink When I am in a large shopping centre (mall) I take a photo of the information board on my phone so I can look up how to get to stores without having to go back to the board #36 Permalink When commenting on something, whether it be reddit, facebook, etc. finish typing your comment, stop, re-read it twice and then ask yourself what you are trying to accomplish with said comment before posting. #37 Permalink When you finish showering, use your hand as a squeegee(?) To get excess water off your body. It makes drying much faster and your towel will also be dry sooner. #38 Permalink Don't be a dick #39 Permalink if you gently rock back and forth while pooping it will take significantly less time and make it easier to pass more "troublesome" movements. Best. Lifehack. Ever. #40 Permalink Try and get in good with the clerks/secretaries of where ever you work or do business. Those are the people who can most easily cover your ass when you fuck up. #50 Permalink 1st Date Cheat Code for MEN: Never tell a girl where you’re going or how to dress. Instead, tell her to "dress for a first date with a guy she really likes". Now, pick three places you'd like to go: someplace fun and active (bowling, pool, mini golf, go-kart racing, ballgame, etc), something romantic and classy (nice restaurant, upscale lounge, art gallery opening) and something in between (nice bar, coffee shop, comedy club). Now, when you pick her up, let the way she's dressed decide which you’re going to do: If she's wearing something sexy and revealing (dress, high heels, low cut top, etc.) than she wants to go somewhere classy and romantic. If she's sporting some jeans, tennis shoes or flip-flops, and a tee, the bowling ally or pool hall may be a good bet. If she's wearing jeans, high heeled boots, and nice top or blouse, than she's not really jonesing for the super romance treatment, and she put in more effort than mini golf deserves (eighteen holes of mini golf in heels... seriously?), so a comedy club or some place with live music is a good choice. And never, EVER, do a movie on the first date! EDIT: Men: You're going to wear a pair of CLEAN, NEAT jeans, a pressed stylish LONG sleeve button down shirt, nice shoes or boots (try to avoid tennis shoes of sneakers). Works for ANY occasion! #51 Permalink If you don't know if a baby is a boy or a girl ask the baby "Whats your name?" And the parent will answer. That way no angry mom or dad getting mad because you cant tel because they dress there baby in green. #52 Permalink Wear a condom #53 Permalink On flights, if you are fighting for an arm rest with a stranger. bring your arm (the one thats on the same side the arm rest you want) up to your mouth and sneeze/cough. Then place it by the armrest. The other person will move their arm. Has had 100% success rate. #53 Permalink To stop a sneeze, tickle the roof of your mouth with your tongue. #55 Permalink Avoid forgetting something in the morning by placing it in your shoes. (works best if you wear the same pair every day.) #56 Permalink Give yourself half an hour of downtime in the morning, between being ready to leave and leaving, and your day won't feel so rushed. #57 Permalink Simply put: Don't ever overlay your reality onto someone else's reality. Example: Person A: "Oh man, I'm having a really hard time recently, I can't seem to get along with my mom." Person B: "Yeah, I know how that is, I just talked to my mom yesterday, and she was like...." etc. Let Person A reflect on their moment of hardship, stand back, listen, be there for them, but don't interject with your own thoughts/emotions about your own situation. #58 Permalink When you're talking to someone and can't tell if they are interested in the subject/their mind is elsewhere, cross your arms. If they cross theirs as well, they are truly listening. #59 Permalink Men of all shapes and sizes: Wear clothing that fits. Nothing looks trashier than a guy wearing a shirt two sizes too big or a pair of uncomfortable looking pants. This applies to fat guys too, don't try to hide your flub by wearing large t-shirts and jackets as they only make you look bigger! Instead get fitted and wear clothing that fits you. #60 Permalink Listen to music when doing stuff by yourself, it will make the most mundane task feel awesome. #61 Permalink If you want to get into a sold out concert simply go to the store and buy two bags of ice. Walk up to the front of the line and say, "I'm the ice guy". Free concert, minus the price of the ice. #62 Permalink If you are quitting something e.g. smoking, drinking etc. Everytime you feel the urge to do said addiction : Go for a run, do 20 sit ups, 20 push ups etc. This way you can start to associate exercise with quitting and you get fitter the more you quit which can make you feel better #63 Permalink Shut the fuck up. Wait for the lawyer. #64 Permalink No matter where you are in public, make it a habit of noting every reflective surface around you. Usually you can find one that gives a decent view of who is behind you. If you're at work, strategically place cds or other reflective objects so you can always see whose standing behind you in your cube. #65 Permalink ↑ ↑ ↓ ↓ ← → ← → B A Start #66 Permalink Don't waste money buying expensive binoculars. Simply stand closer to the object you wish to view. #67 Permalink Before you take a dookie, throw in a piece or two of toilet paper in the toilet bowl to reduce/avoid splasing and that kerplunk noise. #68 Permalink Women can push the poop out with their fingers properly inserted into their vagina. #69 Permalink If you're shaving your balls, try to maintain an erection during the entire shave. The whole job is a lot easier with your penis out of the way. #70 Permalink If you have crushing chest pain, call 911 first. Then chew some aspirin. I work in cardiology. #71 Permalink When you eat hard shell taco's, do it over your nachos. That way when they disintegrate, you can eat the bits you lost with your nachos. #72 Permalink If you need to store cookies or pastries for a few days in a tupperware or other type of container, to prevent them from getting dry and brittle, put a piece of bread in the container right along with the cookies. It will keep them very soft and moist. Sometimes, if you burn the cookies a little and they seem very tough and crunchy, leaving them in a container with the bread over night will actually soften them up and make them better than when they came out of the oven! #73 Permalink Kill a boner within 30 seconds by squeezing your thighs together really tight. (Guys only). #74 Permalink Walk on the sides of stairs to avoid/reduce creaks. #75 Permalink Talk to everyone like you would your best mate, and smile. #76 Permalink Sprinkle some salt on your napkin coaster at the bar.. your beer won't stick to it EVERY FUGGIN TIME.... #77 Permalink To get through tech support quickly with an ISP, choose the option for becoming a new customer. Then when you get there ask to transfer to tech support. Usually they won't put you on hold because they see the number coming from the new customer line. #78 Permalink Pull on your hair in the shower, if it squeaks you already shampooed it. #79 Permalink Don't announce that you are having a kid till the second trimester. #80 Permalink When studying arts at university, take notes on your prof's political/philosophical ideologies and worldviews. Regurgitate in essays and on exams for an A grade. Also, margins, font, font size, etc. are incredibly important. Never neglect these. #81 Permalink Never include #41-#49 in a list of real-life cheat codes on reddit. Some things to remember: If you liked a tip, upvote its original author. It's only fair. It took me over an hour to complete this so please be polite when suggesting corrections. Check out other real-life cheats in each thread since I didn't include all of them here. I don't get karma for this, it's a self-post. Reddit Enhancement Suite Reddit has a save feature so that you don't need to comment on this thread to find it later. Shameless Plug: r/askedreddit is a community that posts updates to posts on AskReddit so you can find out what happened easily.
I like the one about the Rugrats. Ever wondered just how Angelica could talk to the babies? Angelica is the only one who can talk to the babies because they are a figment of her imagination. She is spoilt, sad and lonely, because her Mother is constantly working and has no time for her. Her relationship with her Dad is superficial and unsubstantial, no real love is ever shown to her. So how did it come about that Angelica would have to imagine these babies? Tommy died soon after child birth, a fact reflected by Stu never leaving the basement, inventing toys that his son will never play with. Chuckie died in the car crash along with his Mum, also reflected in the actions of his father; the crash has made him a pathetic nervous wreck most of the time. Most interesting is Phil and Lil. There never where any twins, there was just one baby. However this baby was a still born, and Angelica never knew the sex of the still born, so she invented twins of different genders. Sadly, Angelica never uses her imaginary friends to comfort or entertain her, instead she is mean and nasty to them. She has invented this relationship with these babies so she can vent her frustrations of being a spoilt, lonely brat who has seen much hardship from these unfortunate parents; frustrations that can't be satisfied by a typical childhood relationship with a doll, albeit a Cynthia one. EDIT: Wow. Went to bed and there was about 25 upvotes. Woke up and now there's quite a lot more, and a subreddit created! Great success! Will read them all, goosebumps will be had. And I know that the majority of these theories aren't water-tight (including mine...), but come on, it's fun to speculate! EDIT II: I have realized how my question could be interpreted the wrong way, hence numerous and humorous links to this. Indeed, my mind is blown. EDIT III: OK I'm heading off now, and by the time I get back this thread will have disappeared into the depths of Askreddit. Thanks for the amazing response! I know my theory was rubbish, but there are some absolutely amazing ones, my favorite being the Kill Bill one. Bill is not dead!. Don't forget to check out and post in /r/fantheories!
So a little of a personal story here. I happen to have a very common hispanic name, also I served in the Marines who on two different occasions lost personal information of mine to include my social security number. The state of Florida was able to pull $25K out of my personal bank account with only my very common last name and social. It was for someone trying to collect way past due child support. Neither Florida Child Support Collections or Bank of America bothered to check the first or middle name on the account. Much less the birthday, residence, or any other personal information. This all happened with out any notification. All the sudden I had nothing in my account, and it was up to me to figure out how to live for the next 3 months while BOA and Florida unfucked my shit. I realize its hard to pin down some of these worthless child support dodging assholes, but that does not mean that you can just remove funds from an account without matching every detail. Fortunately I have friends and family who helped me get a lawyer, and float me some money until all of this was figured out. However without them, I would have been up shit creek without a paddle. Sorry for the long story. Edit: Spelling
Obviously im going to use one. Back in highschool i dated a girl for 6 months before she decided it wasn't working out anymore and she cheated on me with about 6 guys and stole my iPhone and wallet to buy drugs. I wanted to report her to the police like my parents encouraged me to and to prevent me from doing such her brother jumped me while I was walking home with his friends and busted open my lip pretty badly and threatened to kill me if i reported him or his sister (this is South Florida, so i believed he would do it). My dad got a new job and we moved to a new city but i was still pissed about this whole situation so i did the next best thing. I created two fake facebook account of a random hot girl and guy, spent some time making it look legit with friends and such and added her brother on facebook with the girl and my ex with the guy. It wasnt too long before he started flirting "me" up and tried his best to get in this girls pants. on the other hand, having already courted my now ex i knew exactly what to say to charm her to the point that she was in love with me. This is where it all begins to get fun. I started a sexting relationship between the brother and sister with me as the intermediate thanks to google voice. Both of them had fairly typical south florida bodies so nothing really gave anything away and i did a fair amount of photoshopping to remove identifiers in the room that may give away anything. This went on for about a month and a half totaling about 200 or so nudes between the two of them when i decided to reveal the curtain and send a group of unedited pictures that included key identifiers (face and rooms). Oh holy jesus how shit went down. I only wish i had some way to see how they reacted. Friends who still lived there told me her brother moved in with his dad that week and that they no longer spoke. All in all, about 4 months till i got my revenge but it was amazing. EDIT: YOU GODDAMN SONS OF BITCHES. Someone told my Ex about it and now she finally knows forsure that it was me. HAHAHAH. Sucks for her i now live 2000 miles away for college but jesus christ reddit. Dont go shooting your mouth off.
Friend and I were fishing at a local creek when my friends brother pulled up. Being the dick he normally was he started throwing rocks in the creek to scare the fish and then he threw my friends bike in the creek. We were 13 at the time, my friend was crying and I felt so bad. I jumped into the creek and got his bike out, told him we would get his brother back. About a month later we were fishing again and it was the dead of summer. I told my friend today is the day we get his brother back. Caught a 2/3 pound carp, threw it up on the side of the bank and left it there until we were done fishing. At the end of the night went back to his place his brothers car was sitting on the street, we took the carp sliced it open and threw it under the drivers seat and rolled his windows 3/4 up. The next morning when we woke and left I forgot about what we had done. Well when I rode past JT's car I noticed the window was kind of black and then I took a closer look it was covered in flies. I actually got scared because I did not expect to a window caked with flies. By the time I got home I was laughing in tears because his brother was always such a dick to us. Fast forward to baseball practice about 3 days later, friend had a black eye but smiled at me when we made eye contact. His brother flipped out and ran into his house and punched him in the face. His mom flipped out on his brother, brother was grounded for the rest of summer. His mom said that my friend would never do such a thing and he played along and acted as if he had no idea. Apparently the smell never really left the car. We nicknamed his brother lord of the flies.
Edit: (Woah obligatory front page) Thanks chefs, cooks and homecookers- lots of great tips! Here are some of the top tips: Use good tools- Things are better and easier when you use good pans and knives. Whenever you're sautéing, frying, or wok-ing don't crowd the pan. Prep all of your stuff before starting to cook. Read the whole recipe before you begin cooking. Meat continues cooking after you take it off the grill Butter Awesome steak technique from ironicouch "My friend's mother taught me how to cook steak a few months back, so far it has not failed me. You have to make sure your steak is dry, use a paper towel to dry it off. Heat the skillet before putting the steak on, you want to hear it sizzle when you place it in the pan. Rub the steak down with just a little olive oil and some sea salt and then place it in the pan for until it starts browning, so it doesn't take long on the stove, then put in the oven at 400 degrees F, for 10 minutes or even less depending on how rare you like it. Everyone has their own method, but this was the simplest way I have heard it being made, and it always tastes fantastic." Another great steak cooking tip from FirstAmendAnon "Alright, this is a great method, but leaves out a few important details. Here's the skinny on getting you perfect steakhouse quality steaks at home: Buy a thick cut of meat like a porterhouse. If its more than 2" thick it's usually better. Look for a lot of marbling (little white lines of fat through the meat). The more the better. Stick the meat unwrapped on a rack in the fridge overnight (watch out for cross-contamination! make sure your fridge is clean). This ages the meat and helps dry it out. Then like an hour before you cook take it out of the fridge, pat it down with paper towels, and leave it out until your ready to season. Preheat your oven to really hot, like 500F, and stick your (ovensafe!) pan in there. That will ensure your pan is super hot and get a sear on your meat quickly. Season both sides of the steak with coarse salt and like a teaspoon of oil. I find peanut oil to be better than olive oil but it doesn't really make much difference. Pan out of the oven using a thick oven mitt. Stick your steak in there, it should hiss loudly and start to sear immedietly. This is the goodness. 2 minutes on both sides, then stick about three tablespoons of room temperature butter and three sprigs of fresh rosemary on top of the steak and throw that baby in the oven. after about 3 minutes, open the oven (there will be lots of smoke, run your fan), and flip the steak. 2 or three more minutes, pull it out. If you like it more on the well done side, leave it a little longer. Do not leave it for more than like 5 minutes because you might as well just make hamburgers. Take it off the heat. Using a wooden spoon or large soup spoon tilt the pan and repeatedly spoon the butter and juices onto the steak. Baste in all its glory. Let the meat rest for about five minutes. I use that time to make the plate prettified. Mash potatoes or cheesy grits on the bottom. Brussel sprouts on the side. Maybe some good goats cheese on top of the steak. Be creative. This method is guaranteed to produce a bomb diggity steak. Like, blowjob-inducing 100% of the time. It's really high-heat and ingredient driven though, so be careful, and spend that extra $5 on the good cut of meat. EDIT: As a couple of people below have mentioned, a well-seasoned cast iron pan is best for this method. Also, the 5th bullet is slightly unclear. You take the hot pan out of the oven, place it on the stovetop with the stovetop on full heat, and sear the steak for 2min ish on both sides. Then cut off the stovetop and put the steak in the oven."
If you have no idea what I'm talking about: Original Post from three months ago and Update 1. HuffPo Writeup TLDR: I traveled. Reddit gave me things to do. I did them Hey Reddit, I've had a crazy, crazy summer and have you guys to thank. My travels brought me across the US and Canada, through rural Thailand, to Seoul and Sydney. Over the last three months I have met hundreds of redditors and gone on some cool adventures. Highlights include: Carwashing for oliversmom - you can read more about Oliver here Mr. Duck Stickers left everywhere Portrait painted Help a dude move Barcraft, Seattle Weeding (Zajoba pictured) Aerial Tour, Seattle Motion Capture for Valve Ride an Elephant Teaching English, Thailand GSL Code S Final, Seoul Tastosis signatures for Redditor John the Translator Picture for a redditor couple Interview Moving a couch: hardmode, Denver Giant spiders in Australia Pubcrawl, Sydney Forensics guest lecture, Sydney Toured the NYSE Rocket Museum, Huntsville Rappeling Eat a "Gripper", Calgary Attend the 100th Calgary Stampede (also, barcraft) Waterfight, Calgary Bobsledding, Calgary Letters, Edmonton (yet to be delivered) Originally I was planning on traveling through till the end of July but surprise tooth ache had me grounded early (turns out I need my wisdom teeth removed). I've been home for the last week, catching up on sleep and getting organized for the upcoming school year (which starts next week). I also donated the money I raised (via reddit) for filming costs since I managed to stay underbudget all trip (mainly by living off of the hospitality of redditors instead of staying in hostels). I'm interested in doing something similar next summer, but on a bigger scale/actually organized. Something where you could vote on where to send me a on week to week basis. In the mean time I'm going to work on turning the footage I took this summer into something (short documentary or music video or something). I just wanted to thank everyone once again, -Daniel / 'Reddit Travel Guy' EDIT: I'll be doing an AMA this Sunday starting at noon PST Obligatory link to the subreddit I kept Preview of footage from thailand
So I've been watching HBO's Rome and Generation Kill simultaneously and it's lead me to fantasize about traveling back in time with modern troops and equipment to remove that self-righteous little twat Octavian (Augustus) from power. Let's say we go back in time with a Marine Expeditionary Unit (MEU), since the numbers of members and equipment is listed for our convenience in this Wikipedia article, could we destroy all 30 of Augustus' legions? We'd be up against nearly 330,000 men since each legion was comprised of 11,000 men. These men are typically equipped with limb and torso armor made of metal, and for weaponry they carry swords, spears, bows and other stabbing implements. We'd also encounter siege weapons like catapults and crude incendiary weapons. We'd be made up of about 2000 members, of which about half would be participating in ground attack operations. We can use our four Abrams M1A1 tanks, our artillery and mechanized vehicles (60 Humvees, 16 armored vehicles, etc), but we cannot use our attack air support, only our transport aircraft. We also have medics with us, modern medical equipment and drugs, and engineers, but we no longer have a magical time-traveling supply line (we did have but the timelords frowned upon it, sadly!) that provides us with all the ammunition, equipment and sustenance we need to survive. We'll have to succeed with the stuff we brought with us. So, will we be victorious? I really hope so because I really dislike Octavian and his horrible family. Getting Atia will be a bonus. Edit - Prufrock451 Big thanks to Prufrock451 for bringing this scenario to life in a truly captivating and fascinating manner. Prufrock clearly has a great talent, and today it appears that he or she has discovered that they possess the ability to convey their imagination - and the brilliant ideas it contains - to people in a thoroughly entertaining and exciting way. You have a wonderful talent, Prufrock451, and I hope you are able to use it to entertain people beyond Reddit and the internet. Thank you for your tremendous contribution to this thread. Mustard-Tiger Wow! Thank you for gifting me Reddit Gold! I feel like a little kid who's won something cool, like that time my grandma made me a robot costume out of old cereal boxes and I won a $10 prize that I spent on a Thomas the Tank Engine book! That might seem as if I'm being unappreciative, but watching this topic grow today and seeing people derive enjoyment from all the different ideas and scenarios that have been put forward by different posters has really made my day, and receiving Reddit Gold from Mustard-Tiger is the cherry on the top that has left me feeling just as giddy as that little kid who won a voucher for a bookshop. Again, thank you very much, Mustard-Tiger. I'm sure I will make good use of Reddit Gold. Thank you to all the posters who've recommended books, comics and movies about alternative histories and time travel. I greatly appreciate being made aware of the types of stories and ideas that I really enjoy reading or watching. It's always nice to receive recommendations from people who share your interest in the same things. Edit - In my head the magical resupply system only included sustenance, ammo and replacement equipment like armor. Men and vehicles would not be replaced if they died or were destroyed. I should have made that clear in my OP. Okay, let's remove the magical resupply line, instead replacing it with enough equipment and ammo to last for, say, 6 months. Could we destroy all of the Roman Empire in that space of time before our modern technological advantages ceased to function owing to a lack of supplies? Edit 3 - Perhaps I've over estimated the capabilities of the Roman forces. If we remove the tanks and artillery will we still win? We now have troops, their weapons, vehicles for mobility (including transport helicopters), medics and modern medicine, and engineers and all the other specialists needed to keep a MEU functional.
DAY 1 The 35th MEU is on the ground at Kabul, preparing to deploy to southern Afghanistan. Suddenly, it vanishes. The section of Bagram where the 35th was gathered suddenly reappears in a field outside Rome, on the west bank of the Tiber River. Without substantially prepared ground under it, the concrete begins sinking into the marshy ground and cracking. Colonel Miles Nelson orders his men to regroup near the vehicle depot - nearly all of the MEU's vehicles are still stripped for air transport. He orders all helicopters airborne, believing the MEU is trapped in an earthquake. Nelson's men soon report a complete loss of all communications, including GPS and satellite radio. Nelson now believes something more terrible has occurred - a nuclear war and EMP which has left his unit completely isolated. Only a few men have realized that the rest of Bagram has vanished, but that will soon become apparent as the transport helos begin circling the 35th's location. Within an hour, the 2,200 Marines have regrouped, stunned. They are not the only moderns transported to Rome. With them are about 150 Air Force maintenance and repair specialists. There are about 60 Afghan Army soldiers, mostly the MEU's interpreters and liaisons. There are also 15 U.S. civilian contractors and one man, Frank Delacroix, who has spoken to no one but Colonel Nelson.
Today on the train I sat next to a woman who was angry that I sat next to her because she wanted the two seats to herself. As I sat there she kept mouthing under her breath how she just wanted to sit there alone... blah blah blah. Despite the fact that I wanted to tell her that it was public transportation and she needed to get over it I kept my mouth shut. A few minutes later a large woman with a large purse comes and stands in the same car I was in. I get her attention and tell her that she could have my seat. She huffs and puffs her way to me and I help her sit down while grinning at the angry woman who was upset I'd sat beside her. I enjoyed watching her head almost explode from anger as the other large woman's rolls and purse pressed against her for the rest of the ride. Anyone else have any of those subtle revenge stories? Edit: of course the one time I don't check reddit, because I think my story was lame and won't get more than five comments, it takes off. I am looking forward to reading all these stories.... Oh and I'd like to thank all the people that made this possible... my producer, all the guys in Fresno, Melvin, all the haters who said I'd never make it, Phil Collins, OAG, GGG, the White House... yadda yadda yadda... Edit again: This lady is a regular and a known seat hog. I've seen her get into arguments before with people because she wants two seats to herself. Everyone pays to ride the train so if there is a seat open then it's up for grabs.
I was working as a manager in a big nightclub about a year ago. I dont wear a uniform, but have a radio and run the security team. The venue has a great smoking section that looks out onto the street. One night the venue was packed so I did my usual roam making sure that there were no problems, however it wasg too packed to walk through the smoking section, so I walked down the street instead, but could still very easily see into the smoking section. One guy stares me down, then calls me over, and starts swearing at me for no reason and telling me that "pieces of shit like you could never even get into a venue like this". He obviously had no idea I was the manager, however I didn't want to have security get into a fight inside with him. The guy kept telling me he would punch me out etc. and was clearly trying to look macho to impress someone. So I agreed and told him to come and meet me outside and he could even have a free swing. He puts his drink down, takes off his jacket and storms outside. Once he walked outside, I walked back inside and told security not to let him back in. The look on his face when he realised I ran the place was priceless, and then the realisation that he couldnt get back into the club was amazing. It was the easiest and most fun removal I have ever done.
Original: http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/tenoq/reddit_my_friends_call_me_a_scumbag_because_i/ Okay, the past month and a half has been insane. Like I said in my last post, the code was originally signed to only run on the desktop that I was assigned, and also required a password upon starting. I felt secure in that they couldn't steal and rip the code and fire everyone. I then went to my manager and told him what I was doing. He asked me (In Dutch...) "Is the program still on the work desktop, and did you do it on company time?" I replied yes, and yes. I was promptly fired and expelled from the building. Once I left, I called my bosses superior (? or inferior?? the one higher...) and left him a voice mail saying what happened and that my boss fired me for it, but I thought he was being close minded and not open to advancing the company. I also got a call from my manager, telling me I have to give him the password... I told him I am no longer employed and am not required to any longer. I get a call from my bosses boss, and he asks to have a meeting with me to discuss what actually happened and if it is true that it could save money, he would listen. but I was hellbent on refusing to give out the password. Not to be mean/defensive, but the code was not designed for anyone to use, it was very primitive in the way it had to be setup. I didn't want to be liable for someone using it incorrectly. I met with him a week later, we discussed over tea about the program. I asked if I was doing anything wrong or immoral, and he said that the only issue was that I coded it on company time when I wasn't supposed too, and that the app not only was fine (no requirement to have it done by a person), but also saved the money lots and lots of money and they never even realized it. (They would have had to hire more people to handle the load, but didn't because everything was getting done.) Once we talked about it, he said I was very talented and asked why I worked in the line of work I do instead of software engineering, I replied that I found this job first and was making such great money-- which he didn't expect, and asked me how much I was making, me telling him the true amount. He was floored and cracked up laughing, I made more than my boss (but not the guy I was talking too). He told me he would love to give me a job doing software engineering for the entire companies systems. I agreed only if that the current employees wouldn't be fired and would be put into different places in the company. We came to a compromise that some of the useless people (There were a few...) would be let go (these people are morons beyond belief), but that he could find jobs for the rest (Translation was a big one, since us Dutch people have a culture of learning others languages, sales, HR and other departments, and a few of them were offered training for the jobs. A handful was kept on the original team but their job was changed from manual input to now they work with the tool I built. As far as I know, the bonus program was slashed a lot, but they're still making more bonus than before I bet since I was taking it all) So now I am a lead software engineer over my own department, making the same base pay as I was making base+bonus previously. (No bonus, unfortunately haha) Most other workers moved departments or changed jobs in their department, so most people got a good deal. Except my boss. They were upset with him before this, and were even more upset after him. He was notoriously a bad manager and he was fired over this. Oh well. They hired one of the previous people on my team to take over his job :) TL;DR IT WORKED OUT FOR 99% OF THE PEOPLE. EDIT: one thing is worse: my new desk chair sucks
Reposting this top-level because it was buried under a shitty comment: There is an answer to the question "Why is it so bad?" The answer is because the submission titles on this site suck. Very, very badly. They're generally non-descriptive and useless. People use submission titles as punchlines to a joke, not as an actual title. If a submission is titled "Look what I found", and it's a picture of a gold dubloon, what are you going to search for when you look for it 2 months later? "Gold coin", "gold dubloon", or something. You're not going to search for "Look what I found", because a) You won't have remembered that title, and b) That would turn up about a million results. Go to a subreddit that enforces submission titles (try the SFW-Porn network, they generally have very good titles), and try searching for something (restricted to that subreddit of course). I guarantee you'll get what you're looking for, if it exists. I've been saying this for a long time, but I'll say it again: Reddit should have a system which allow users to tag submissions with keywords, like "gold coin", "dubloon", and other descriptive words, which would then be weighted heavily in search results, based on how many times a post was tagged with a certain phrase or word. If 20 people tag a post with "gold coin", that will be weighted very heavily in the search results, and will probably be the #1 result when someone searches for "gold coin", even though the submission contained none of those words and just linked to an image hosted on imgur. The tags would be hidden from the public for the first hour or two (same as the vote count), so as not to encourage the same type of hivemind bias that exists with the voting system.
As a man that has reached the ripe old age of 48 I can promise you I have seen some shit go down. This one totally takes the cake for me though. I was waiting out front of a truck stop back in the mid 80's. Sitting on a park bench with a guy that had a big Rottweiler kinda dog on a leash with him. I tried to make small talk but he was quite a sourpuss. So we sat in silence for a few minutes until the most unexpected thing I have ever seen, happened right before my very eyes. While we were sitting there a big 18 wheeler pulls in without a trailer (bobtail) so he parks right up front like a normal car would. Inside the cab of the truck with the driver is a little monkey. The dance for the organ grinder kind. I think they are called Rhesus monkeys perhaps. Well the dog spots this lil monkey and proceeds to go apeshit over it. Lunging at the end of his leash and barking at the top of his lungs. Generally making a real spectacle of himself to say the least. The driver is obviously upset, but not nearly as much as the monkey is. Actually upset may be the wrong adjective to use for the monkey though. In retrospect I think eagerly aggressive may be a more appropriate description for his disposition. He was pacing the dashboard back and forth. Never taking his eyes off of this very aggravating dog. The driver opens his little triangle window that they don't make on cars anymore. The ones made for smokers back in the day. He yells out to this douche bag to call his dog off because it is upsetting his monkey. The guy laughs and says no way (I told you he was a jerk didn't I?). Says that his dog ain't bothering nobody. The dog hasn't shut up since he laid eyes on the monkey. I promise you he is bothering everybody for several blocks around. Now here's where things start to get interesting. The driver says that if he doesn't call his dog off he's gonna let his monkey loose on that dog. Douche bag laughs and says that his dog would eat that monkey alive. Upon hearing this the driver leans over and reaches into his glove box I guess. Pulls out one of those tiny baseball bats like you used to get at Astroworld or carnivals, and places it in the monkeys hand. The monkey obviously knows what's about to go down because he is now trying to squeeze out of that little triangular window I mentioned earlier. This monkey has murder in his eyes if I have ever seen it. Driver hollers "Last chance to save your dog's ass man." In response douche bag lets his dog off of the leash. Now we have a situation that has escalated to the point where we have a dog jumping up at the window and a monkey screaming profanities right back at him. Well, the driver finally rolls down the regular window and out leaps all kinds of miniature primate hell. The dog never knew what hit him. Quick as a flash this monkey is riding on the back of this dog's neck. His two back feet all wrapped up in his neck fur with one hand hanging onto an ear. The other hand as you may have guessed by now is steadily and mercilessly raining down blows about this dog's head and face. I mean hard blows. You can hear them whap whap whap. Well it only took a moment for the dog to realize he was in way over his head. He bolts yelping bloody murder as he runs away at full speed. I mean this dog is running so fuckin hard he's throwing up tufts of grass and dirt as soon as he leaves pavement. The monkey still riding him and beating on him the whole time. Douche bag acts like he wants to fight now but several people including myself stepped in to stop that nonsense. In a couple of minutes or so the little monkey comes loping back with his little bat still in hand, and leaps up into the still open window of the truck to await his master who has gone on into the store. That wanker ran off to try to go find his dog, but I don't know if he ever did. My ride showed up and I had to go. Never again in this lifetime will I see something so totally crazy and unexpected like that. I am both fortunate and humble to have been so privileged to be present for such an event. So Reddit, please do tell. What's your craziest thing you have ever seen in public? TL:DR Small monkey beats the shit out of large dog.
Was having a new exhaust put onto my Subaru by a small specialty shop in Buffalo, NY. We dropped it off and then said we would just go walk around for a couple hours till it was done. Staff advised us not too as it was a rough area...we were 19, and from Canada, whats the worst that could happen? After walking through a couple blocks of burnt out hoses, and straight out of the movies (for us) ghetto w decided to turn around and get back to the shop ASAP! We walk around a corner only to see a group of 5 large, thugish looking young black men ahead of us, they notice us, turn and walk in our direction. Instant brick shitting...do we run...do we plead for our lives? We decide to do the Canadian thing and just keep walking like nothings going to happen. The "gang" reaches us after a few seconds, kind of does a half circle around the two of us, there is no escape, only robbery or death. What appears to be the leader makes contact "Yo, we got a question for you guys!". We sheepishly reply"uhhh yea?"
UPDATE: Wow... Just wow. 14 thousand comments and counting. I'm humbled and grateful for every one of the comments, upvotes and the endless amounts of music suggestions. Currently the most upvoted comment isn't a song suggestion but rather a suggestion to listen to the music from the beginnings of its orgins. Here's the original comment below as submitted by GiraffeKiller- "This is like introducing an Alien to the music of Earth. I wouldn't know where to start. Once you're through your kick on Classical, I might start with music from the 50's and progress through each decade. You can really see the growth of modern music like that." I think it's a wonderful idea, and will be blogging about my journey into the world of music. As many of you have pointed out; music didn't start in the 50's, so I'm going to start with the earliest written form of music… I'm going to start with Guillaume de Machaut's Agnus Dei. (Composed sometime between 1313 and 1365) I am still posting my top 5 next week... It will be a difficult task considering all the submissions. This week I am going to re-watch my favorite film of all time, Baraka. This will be my first time being able to hear the soundtrack of the film. I will be posting about that as well. Also for all of those asking- the hearing aids I got is the Phonak Naida S Premium. Again, thank you for all the kind words and shares! Even if you’re not hearing music for the first time ever, I suggest looking through the suggestions and expanding your musical tastes. You never know how much more days you have left to hear.... Trust me on this one, you don’t want to miss out on a great song. I've never understood it. My whole life I've seen hearing people make a fool of themselves singing their favorite song or gyrating on the dance floor. I've also seen hearing people moved to tears by a single song. That was the hardest thing for me to wrap my head around. I was born profoundly deaf and all music sounded like trash through my hearing aids. That is until a couple days ago when I put on a new pair of hearing aids for the first time in years. The first thing I heard was my shoe scraping across the carpet; it startled me. I have never heard that before and out of ignorance, I assumed it was too quiet for anyone to hear. I sat in the doctor's office frozen as a cacophony of sounds attacked me. The whir of the computer, the hum of the AC, the clacking of the keyboard, and when my best friend walked in I couldn't believe that he had a slight rasp to his voice. He joked that it was time to cut back on the cigarettes. That night, a group of close friends jump-started my musical education by playing Mozart, Rolling Stones, Michael Jackson, Sigur Ros, Radiohead, Elvis, and several other popular legends of music. Being able to hear the music for the first time ever was unreal. I realized that my old hearing aids were giving me a distorted version of music. they were not capable of distributing higher frequencies with clarity, instead it was just garbled gibberish. When Mozart's Lacrimosa came on, I was blown away by the beauty of it. At one point of the song, it sounded like angels singing and I suddenly realized that this was the first time I was able to appreciate music. Tears rolled down my face and I tried to hide it. But when I looked over I saw that there wasn't a dry eye in the car. I finally understood the power of music. Obviously, I did the only sensible thing and went on a binge of music. Below are my top 5 favorites from my limited exposure to the world of sound. Mozart's Lacrimsoa The soundtrack to Eleven Eleven… I can see how this comes off as narcissistic, it being my own film and all but it's such a personal work that when I listened to it for the first time I broke down. I felt like I was truly seeing the film for the first time ever. I'm grateful that Cazz was able to capture the tone perfectly. We discussed the film and specific scenes with essay-sized reasoning/deliberations on what should be conveyed. The critical response to the film surprised me and I still didn't quite get it until seeing the visual images coupled with the soundtrack. Sig Ros's Staralfur IL Postino-Luis Bacalov Minnesota's A Bad Place Ironically enough, I'm turning my hearing aids off more often than before because most sounds are even more annoying and the only times I have it on is when talking to people or listening to music/birds. Silence is still my favorite sound. When I turn my aids off my thoughts become more clear and it's absolutely peaceful. I hope that one day hearing people get the opportunity to experience utter silence. What exactly changed between my old hearing aids and my new ones? My previous hearing aids were only 4 years old but technology has gotten cheaper and better at an exponential rate since then. Before, I could almost hear the low frequencies at a hearing person’s level, but not as crisp... higher notes on the other hand, I didn’t hear at all. I never realized how little of a range my hearing aids picked up compared to hearing people until a telecommunications class in college. We were learning about radio equipment and the guest professor told us about how high human ears can hear and also compared to various animals. He turned around and turned the dial down to the lower pitches. I could still hear nearly all the low frequencies like rest of the class. When he turned the dial in the opposite direction, I blanked out at about 40% and the rest of the class stopped between 90-100%. It’s an odd feeling learning something so profound about yourself at twenty one... But it’s not as odd as the things I can hear now. It was during Lacrimosa that I realized I was truly hearing pitches I’ve never experienced before. It was like seeing a color I’ve never seen before. I honestly never thought I would really be able to hear my own soundtracks because I have accepted my deafness, I have always been and still am grateful for all I've been blessed with so it was never a big deal to me. Now... I'm overwhelmed and beyond grateful. But this is just the beginning. That’s why I’m asking you to give me the name of the most beautiful songs to you. I’ve posted the question on reddit and will listen to the top 30 upvotes and then post my top 5 from that batch. Original post over at http://www.artofthestory.com/being-able-to-hear-music-for-the-first-time-ever/
You know that awkward moment when you and a stranger are walking towards each other but need to get past each other and you get confused and end up doing a left to right dance? Not for me! When I walk through large crowds of people, to avoid walking into anyone, I simply stare at my destination. I look no one in the eyes. People actually will watch your eyes and they avoid the direction you are going. If I look into people's eyes as we are walking into each other, we are sure to collide. You have to let people know where you intend to go with your eyes. It always works for me, try it! Your turn, teach me some good mind tricks! *Edit- Wow I didn't know there were that many "mind tricks"! Thanks Redditors for your knowledge and wisdom! *Edit-Thank you masterthenight for the comment: "To add onto the OP comment, simply turning your head to indicate which direction you are going works as well." *Edit- One of the best responses I've heard comes from WhatAppearsToBeADuck: Tell any male adolescent that you think their voice is high. Their voice will immediately drop on their response. *Edit- another good comment from dmalfoy123: When you're driving, stare at the back of someone's head or their rear-view mirror and focus all your energy. They will eventually change lanes.
In what was posted on r/cyberlaws a few hours ago, it seems there is going to be a legal battle between Conde Nast and Warner Bross. I think the community has grown pass being a property of anyone, and I think a lot of us were unaware of this "User Agreement" between us the users and this company named Reddit. I love Reddit dearly with all my heart, it has brought a lot of happiness to a lot of users, some of that was thanks to the fact that people did not need to worry about copyrights, and I hate to see it crumble to become a patent/copyright troll on the back of its users. I'm not sure how it should be done legally, but I think that paragraph has no place in such place as Reddit, and I as a user will definitely change my behaviour on reddit as a result of finding out about it. Lost all control over the incoming messages and comments. I apologize if I'm not answering - feel free to send direct message on specific questions. alienth responded that they checking into this, and my comment with a couple of questions got downvoted and disappeared, so here are the questions I'm still hoping to get answers to: Can you give us more details? Can you in the meanwhile remove that pargraph? When is it going to be actually changed? Are we going to be allowed to comment on the new user agreement before it is imposed on the community?
On slashdot all the comments are owned by the submitter (yes, even the anonymous ones). Here's the relevant section of their terms (emphasis mine): .6. LICENSING AND OTHER TERMS APPLYING TO CONTENT POSTED ON THE Geeknet SITES: Use, reproduction, modification, and other intellectual property rights to data stored on the Geeknet Sites will be subject to licensing arrangements that may be approved by Geeknet as applicable to such Content. ; with respect to publicly-available statistical content which is generated by the site to monitor and display content activity, such content is owned by Geeknet. With respect to Content posted to private areas of the Geeknet Site Sourceforge.net (e.g., private development tools or mail), the submitting user may grant to Geeknet or other Sourceforge.net users such rights and licenses as the submitting Sourceforge.net user deems appropriate. Content located on any Geeknet-hosted subdomain which is subject to the sole editorial control of the owner or licensee of such subdomain, shall be subject to the appropriate license applicable to such Content, or to such other licensing arrangements as may be approved by Geeknet as applicable to such Content. For the purposes of these Terms, "Code" means any software code you submit, post, display or distribute via: any of our software configuration management ("SCM") repositories (including, CVS, Subversion, Git, Bazaar and Mercurial) or SourceForge.net's file release system, and "Associated Content" means any text, data, music, sound, photograph, graphic, video, message or material, whether publicly posted or privately transmitted via SourceForge.net, but does not include Code. "SourceForge Content" means any Code or Associated Content.
Mine is when I went to the Oatmeal homepage and right clicked and did view page source. (OK SO JUST SAYING MY FRIEND TOLD ME TO DO THIS I TECHNICALLY DIDN'T FIND IT BUT I REALIZED THERE WAS A COMIC) [This came up.] (http://imgur.com/i2CvS) Then I saw that in the words by the PTERODACTYL's mouth it said HTTP://PTERODACTYL.ME so I went there and well [this] (http://theoatmeal.com/comics/ptero) is what it brought me to. I was impressed. [EDIT] OK so i wasnt sure if the http address would work so I added the other one they are the same. Just chill about it. [EDIT] WOW!! I never expected this to become soooo big thank you all! Even getting close to the front page is amazing! Again THANK YOU ALL!! [EDIT] Again how did this get so much upvotes. I am surprised. It is the end of my first month of Reddit and I like to think I am doing pretty well..... [EDIT] Nobody is here anymore but someone just commented about a couple days ago. I thought this was archived. I love cats. Cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat cat. rape. Dead people. Pigeon. I hope someone sees this. And my penis. I have a girlfriend. Gay faggot shit chips. I'm not crazy..
My story: When I was 13 a doctor wrote me an adult dose for a certain medicine based on my weight. I was a fat kid. Our body does not work that way and the medicine ended up constipating me...for a month. I did not shit for a whole month. I got sick. I had racoon-like eyes, my stomach would jump or flutter by itself, I had cramps, etc. It was bad. I was miserable. I finally told my parents how long it had been since i had shit and they freaked out and took me to the hospital. There, they gave 3 enemas back to back. After the third and final one, all that water softened all that shit up just enough i could expel it. I ran to the nearest bathroom, gown open in the back, and tried to make it to the toilet. I didn't My ass was hovering at a 45 degree angle above the toilet when the geyser burst. This next part is not a lie, but i know some of you will think it is, I got shit everywhere. On the ceiling (somehow), on the floor, the toilet was covered, the walls, even the sink got hit with some spray. Shit was literally, yes literally, sprayed on all walls and ceiling. It was everywhere. I felt like a new kid after that. Cleaned myself up the best i could and then had to figure out what to do. There was no way i could clean it all up, I needed a janitor. So I walked out and politely told a nurse the bathroom need a clean up and badly.
Link to original So, amazingly, crustlessmist and jwild98 determined the correct license and created a damning visual aid to show it within hours of my original submission. I gave the information to the police, who took over a week to respond to me, but said that they located the owner of that license and served papers to them. Meanwhile, I had given the same information to my insurance provider: Geico. They ended up telling me that the other party was also insured with Geico and had submitted a claim just after the accident happened, claiming that they were involved in a hit and run(!). I asked and the agent told me that they claimed the car was parked and unoccupied when it was hit. The other agent got a recorded statement from me over the phone, which was extremely formal. She was all business until she asked if she could stop recording and I said yes, after which she said, "Woooooow. I haven't had one like this in a long time!" After some talking and investigation by Geico, they determined that I was the innocent party and I finally got a car rental from them (after a month of sharing a van with my wife and three kids, which is a pain when you need to get to work early). They didn't want to give me the rental earlier because they didn't know whether MY uninsured motorist insurance should pay for it or if we would find the other party and make their insurance pay for it. Geico found out that the insured person's son had been driving that night and decided to lie about the accident when they got home. I still figure he must have been doing something illegal at the time since he had insurance and still didn't stop. I don't know, though. The police never told me his name and haven't contact me further regarding the issue. Yesterday, they finally inspected and estimated the repairs my car would need. Today, they told me that they were declaring it a total loss and they will give me $2,800 (and change) for my 2000 Buick LeSabre Ltd. I'm not a car guy, but I remember him saying something along the lines of the "rails" being warped and the quarterpanels being bowed out and some other things. They were just looking at body damage and it was over the value of the car (it's not counting the mechanical damage that was done). I have until Friday to determine if I want to accept the offer for the title. Geico also said they would pay for my medical bills, but it's a one time payment after treatment is ended. I have to give them HIPAA permission to get my bills from my medical providers and they will pay them. They also mentioned something about "mental anguish" and "suffering" but never mentioned a number. I guess a month without my normal convenient mode of travel and initially not being able to walk without immense pain after the accident count as anguish and suffering... so how much is that worth? I can't really think of an amount that I'd be happy to take if it were going to happen to me again. So one day I'm sitting at a red light, minding my own business and a month and a half later I've lost my primary vehicle for an amount of money that can't cover a comparable vehicle. Still, it was exciting to hunt down the offender and at least get him to be held accountable for his prevarications and douchebaggery. Thank you for all of the help, reddit! Edit: saw the wall of text after I submitted and determined I should add a tl;dr TL;DR: Cops found ass who hit me and ran. Geico also found him. Ass had claimed hit-and-run on his own vehicle. Geico determined I was right and he was wrong. Geico says it will pay for my medical bills. Geico totals my car and offers me $2,800 (I have until Friday to accept). I now have no car. Edit: It is amazingly difficult to keep up with the waves of people crashing into this thread. I just want people to know that I'm doing my best to read the comments, even if I'm not responding to all of them. And I'm totally getting the feeling that I need to speak to a lawyer. :) Thank you. Edit: Wow! The number 1 spot on the front page! And I didn't even misspell anything in the title or make any glaring grammatical errors! To think I was just sitting here tonight browsing reddit and kind of half-assedly thought, "I guess after today I have enough to give them a decent update... yeah, ok, I'll write it out." I should have taken a picture of my empty driveway and posted it and then I could have reaped all of this sweet karma. Edit: I just looked up the guy's name in the court website and found out that he's got a hearing coming up on the 14th. He was charged with "Failure to Stop / Accident - MISD" and the code section is here. It says that it should be a Class 5 Felony. This page says that a class 5 felony is punishable by a jail term of 1 to 10 years, or up to a year in jail and/or up to $2,500 in fines. The court website lists that as the code section, but it also lists the type of case as a Class 1 Misdemeanor. I should call and tell them my car just got totaled.
Shortly after my mom died, I was drunk as hell at a bar in my hometown (which was a frequent occurrence in those days). I was having a rough night, so I went outside to sit on the curb and have a cigarette. This older gentleman, probably around 60-65 sat down next to me because he said I reminded him of his daughter and he wanted to help me feel better if he could. I talked to this guy for a good hour, about my mom, about my life, about dropping out of college and basically losing control of everything because I couldn't deal with her passing. He gave me some of the best advice I've ever received and made me feel like things could really be okay again, eventually. He waited there with me until the bar closed and my friends found me. I gave him a huge hug and tried to thank him as genuinely as I could. I never saw him again and I have no way of finding him, but I think about him all the time and how much of an impact a total stranger had on my life. Edit: the advice he gave me is further down this thread, sorry!
Edit: Wow! I wasn't expecting so many awesome ideas. Keep them coming! In a couple hours we'll be going shopping to pick up everything we need for a day of science. Edit 2: You guys are amazing. I'm still reading through all the suggestions, but these are the ones we'll definitely be doing: Corn starch & water Volcano Mentos + Diet Coke, followed by soda bottle vortex Pepper in a bowl of water Moebius strip Penny and nickel battery Egg in a bottle Soap, milk and food coloring Crushed soda can Film canister rocket Liquid with layered colors Cork rocket Frozen bubbles Supercooled water Clouds in a bottle Update: I smell like vinegar and have food coloring all over my hands, but we had a ton of fun. We didn't quite get to everything this afternoon, but now we have supplies for another time. All told, we had to buy about $20 worth of stuff at the grocery store -- there's no way you'll have this much fun with less money! And he learned a lot, too (especially about pressure, which was probably just because it's easiest for me to explain). Thanks so much for everyone who contributed ideas. I'll be visiting this post over and over again to find other fun ideas for future lazy Saturdays:)
I used to work at Claires and The Icing (same company). We got about 15 minutes of training before we were allowed to pierce kids' ears. If people bled on the ear piercing guns, we would simply wipe them off with a tissue, and use them again on the next person. We were also never taught anything about cross-contamination and blood borne pathogens during training. I would never take my kids to get their ears pierced at the mall. Choose a reputable body piercer and take your kids there. Some people are afraid of taking their kids to body piercers because they look sketchier than the pretty mall down the street, but body piercers will use an autoclave and most of them (if they're any good) are trained to properly deal with blood and bodily fluids. The person at the mall, no matter how much experience they say they have, does not have the proper tools to deal with blood. About 99% of our piercings did not draw blood, but the 1% that do are definitely not dealt with well. I tried my best when I worked there, but there's only so much you can do when there is no equipment on hand to properly sterilize anything.
Just trying to gauge interest for a website concept EDIT: Okay, looks like I'm gonna go for it. Anyone with any sort of website building experience is welcome to give me advice :) EDIT 2: poorstudentscookbook.com is up and running! I'm gonna be working hard throughout the night to figure out how to actually run a website. Recipes and shit will be posted shortly. Thanks for all the interest! EDIT 3: First Recipe is up! Let me know what you guys think! I will accept all criticism. EDIT 4: Yes, I know the website is ugly right now. I promise to make it pretty in the near future, as soon as I start figuring out website development haha EDIT 5: The website is going to be free. I don't know why people think I'm making you pay for the recipes. I'll have ads but that's about it. And there will be a vegetarian section. It's not all going to come together instantly, but I can assure you that by the time school starts (September 1st for me) I will have a fully-functioning website. EDIT 6: A lot of you are messaging me with ideas for my website, and I just want you all to know that while I may not be able to reply to everyone, I'm going to try my best to take any and all suggestions into account. The response I've gotten has been awesome. I promise not to disappoint my fellow redditors!
I'm talking weird occurrences, coincidences you haven't been able to easily explain. I'll start. We have a breakfast laid on at work every morning, just a simple buffet of eggs, bacon what have you. Nothing huge and it's really only to feed about a dozen people or so. I am usually one of the first guys from my team to get to work and the kitchen was deserted as usual. I walked into the little kitchen, there was a ceramic egg tray thing with 12 eggs in it, like the bottom half of an egg carton with a socket for each egg. All spaces are filled with warm freshly boiled eggs. I take one, walk over to the garbage bin, shuck the shell then I walk back over to the food and stop dead. There are 12 eggs in the tray again. No one entered the room while I was peeling the thing. I touched the mystery egg it was the same temp as the other eggs around it. Not a big thing, nothing major, but something very strange. Given one does not get presented with strange eggs from a parallel universe every day I peeled and ate that one too. TL:DR - Found strange quantum egg at breakfast. Ate it. Did not gain super powers. EDIT Holy crap. You magnificent bastards, we're on the front page! Your stories are wonderful, uplifting and truly freaky in equal measure. But it's nice to know other people notice shit like this too. Redditor Wanhope was kind enough to start a subreddit for this topic so feel free to drop in and share your experiences!
This will probably get buried .. When I was around 20, a few years ago, I kept having dreams about a woman with long black hair named Aroura [ pronounced A-roar-uh) . They were different dreams but for some reason, her distinct face and name always ended up in them. It got to the point where I would wake up frustrated and confused, trying to google her name or find out how I was connected to her. After a few months she stopped showing up and I dismissed it, thinking my brain was just being a "scumbag." Fast forward a few years later, Halloween 2009, I'm in the car with a friend stopped at a gas station. I'm about to pull out and merge onto a highway when I get a phone call from a random number, so I stop the car but no one answered. There was a person behind me who grew impatient, honked at me, and then swerved in front of me instead of waiting for 2 seconds for me to move. Second they get on the highway, some silver civic loses control of their wheel and crashes into the car that swerved in front of me. I called the cops and waited at the gas station for them to come. Turns out the drivers of both cars died. It 100% would of been me if I hadn't of got that phone call. Called it back a few hours later out of gratitude and curiosity, rang 3 times and went to voicemail. "Hi, you've reached aurora, please leave your name and number." Never had goosebumps like that in me life.
got the idea from this: http://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/c7osn/so_i_rented_a_movie_out_of_one_of_those_redboxdvd/c0qoplp. Post your codes and I'll add them to the list! cheat list: Stop: Stop: Play. Skip advertisements in movies and go strait to the movie. Dial 0 during most automatic menu phone systems to be taken to operator to route your call. also, mashing buttons may work as well. Whenever you have a voice automated phone system, typically saying "representative" gets you someone right away. Update In regards to Cheat Code # 2 I recommend this site: http://gethuman.com/ keep a spare car key in your wallet/purse. If you have a bulky Key that won't fit in your wallet, get a key made that doesn't have the electronic chip on it. It will still unlock the car, it just won't start it. changed by popular request Risk Update: if your wallet is stolen they have your car key. All they need to do is go to your house some time later and take your car out of your driveway. Riding a bicycle will save you lots of money on gas, parking, medical bills, and gym memberships. If you are speeding and suddenly up ahead see a cop that clearly just tagged you, slow down and wave to him/her. Your odds of being pulled over are quite a bit reduced. Don't be rude, but NEVER answer any cops questions when they call you in for questioning. when getting lectured into voice mail, hit 1, pause momentarily. If you aren't put through immediately, hit *, pause. Finally, hit # if neither 1 or * worked. It is called the 1-star-pound technique, and it works for all cell carriers. If your credit card magnetic stripe starts to get worn from use and being in your wallet, and doesn't always read in the card reader, you can use the plastic bag trick. Put the card in a plastic grocery bag and then swipe it. Not sure why it works, but it does.Taking it further though, you can simply apply a piece of quality cellophane tape over the mag stripe for a "permanent" plastic bag trick. At the end of your shower turn the water really (or all the way) cold. This will wake you up and get blood flowing. Update update 9: It also closes your pores to allow for less dirt and bacteria to get in to help reduce acne problems. Macy's credit cards usually have a 20% discount on purchases. I pay with the Macy's card, then while still at the register, I immediately pay off the charge with my debit card. I just got 20% off my purchase and I never get a credit card bill. - this also works with JCP and kohl's cards. im replacing the free movie rental cheat because its unpopular...mostly with movie rental clerks :-/ heres a new one! When you buy something online, you usually get a chance to enter a promo code before you purchase. Google the promo codes. They're out there - you can get anything from free shipping to 25% off the purchase. Turn it off, then on again. Buy things out of season, this can save you money. Unless its food, then buy it in season. When you have forgotten someones name, simply say : "I'm sorry, but what was your name one more time." They may act offended, but when they give you there first name you simply reply "No, I meant your last name." (more socially acceptable to forget). Bingo. First and last names. When eating buffalo wings, the flat portions. You can detach the smaller bone on one end very easily, then twist it a bit and it will just slide out. You're now left with a big hunk of meat and only 1 bone, you can just bite it off into your mouth in one piece, flintstones-style. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BRcOY-PvOC8 Gently work an orange in your hands to loosen the peel from the fruit. This makes it easy enough to get the whole peel in one shot. Can't find your car in a parking lot? hitting the lock button trying to get it to beep? Extend the distance of key-less entry by putting the key under your chin. The signal will resonate in your skull increasing the range dramatically. I swear to god this works, and I'm told it's safe because the radiation is non-ionizing. verification notice from ddrt via AskReddit sent 20 hours ago 9 is called the scottish shower. Just sayin' EDIT: I just tried #17 holy shit it works! If you get a ticket on the windshield of your car, you can potentially get away with parking illegally in the same lot for the rest of the day by keeping the ticket on your windshield. edited reduced from a few days for a single day. Most tinfoil and saran wrap boxes have little push-in tabs on the sides. If you push them in, the roll won't fall out when you try to rip out a sheet of it. Keep a list of all of the credit card phone numbers (1-800) in your cell phone. This way, if your wallet is ever lost, you can call them immediately to have them disabled. It's also a good idea to place all of the cards in your wallet on a copier and print a page to keep at home. This will give you access to your License #, etc. Update: You should update 20. If you lose your wallet.. as in misplace it.. put a hold on your credit cards. Do NOT cancel. If you cancel it can later show up on your credit report. If you believe you are going to find it later, placing a hold saves you the red mark on your report. If you are driving an unfamiliar car and you don't know which side the gas tank is on, just look at the little pump icon next to the gas gauge on the dashboard. The pump handle on the icon will be on the side of the tank. Update: saw the gas tank one on an older reddit, turns out the handle thing is not consistant. But there IS usually a little arrow next to the icon. Second Update 99% of the time the gas door is opposite of the tailpipe. So far, I have only found that early-mid 2000 Pontiac Vibes break this trend. Third update if there is no arrow, then it most likely is on the passenger's side. I've yet to see one without an arrow that wasn't on the passenger's side this tip was unpopular, so im changing it This one changed my life. If you're at home/work/party or GOD forbid your girlfriend's house and the toilet starts to overflow, take the lid off the back reservoir part and lift the long handle as far up as it will go. The water will stop rising and then you can quietly mutter curses at it till it goes back down (which it does, more often than not...) link to a Diagram: http://superhomeideas.com/images/toilet.gif to peel a boiled egg, roll it around on your plate for a while until all of the eggshell is cracked evenly. Then it's easy to remove the complete shell at once. After you boil eggs immediately place them in ice cold water for a few minutes. No vinegar or salt or oil or whatever people use. Shells slip right off you spill any liquid that will stain on your carpet (red wine, juice, etc), pour some salt on it. Work it into the carpet - just rub it in with your hands. Leave it there for a few hours (for serious stains, up to a day) and vacuum it out. Voila, stain gone. If you park in a large parking garage/shopping centre, get out and take a photo on your cell phone of the nearest parking sign (Area B2, etc). You will never lose your car again. If you drive stick and the battery s dead, get some friends, put the key to the on position, put the car in 2nd and push the clutch down. have your friends push your car. when you get a decent speed going let the clutch up. (this is called "Popping the clutch." your car with start and you can drive around for a while to recharge your battery(provided nothing is wrong with the battery or the alternator). Update thanks for the input guys, i switched it from 1st geear to 2nd gear. Tapping on the top of a beer or soda can will make it fizz less! Peel a banana from the bottom, which is one of r/sciences 2nd highest scoring link of all time! http://www.reddit.com/r/science/top/?t=all 4,2,3,1 -- Vending machine cheat code. (As in, the vertical buttons machines, like this one http://www.enterprisevending.com/Images/vending.jpg ). will grant access to vending machine's diagnostic menu. most times the fun features are disabled, but i've gotten a free powerade and a couple cokes in the past. use this at your own risk Re: #30, I worked as a parking enforcement officer during college and we can tell when it's fake. The fine for this offense (at the university I worked at) was $250, and usually a ban from parking at the university (i.e., booted or towed on sight). College Parking Cheat Code: Anyone who's gone to a college or university knows they usually charge a ridiculous amount of money for parking (usually $300+ for a semester pass or $10+ for the daily passes), a service that should fucking be free for students considering the high cost of education. Fuck them. Buy one daily pass at the beginning of the school year (usually a small paper ticket printed out a machine on the lot), take it home and scan it, photoshop the date for tomorrow, and print. Repeat for the next 4 years. Anyone with even the most rudimentary photoshop skills can pull this off convincingly. Even if your printer is shitty, from behind the tint and glare of a car windshield, it might as well be a 7-11 receipt. I did this for 2 years at a UC and saved hundreds of dollars. **Holy Crap, just when i think the thread is dead I wake up to find an Iphone app made out of it. here's the link: http://itunes.apple.com/us/app/101-real-life-cheats-hacks/id382306745?mt=8# **
5 min ago my reddit all turned spanish....all the tabs, preferences..etc. I went into preferences and made sure they were checked to english....they were....what is going on? I cant read spanish so I am in need of some help here....i am asking you b/c I cannot find the mod help link b/c I cannot read it. UPDATE- ok- it must have something to do with firefox. And to all of you telling me how to change lang. preference, OF COURSE I TRIED THAT before I posted. On IE all is normal. On my desktop all is normal. On my netbook, using firefox, it is a taco show. I ran the page through google translator and I especially enjoy the rick roll. So anyone know how to un-spanish reddit in firefox? This is the only page it is happening on. EDIT- I must admit this is hilarious. I wish i had paid more attention in spanish class.... UPDATE- So I wake up this morning to about 1500 replies in my inbox that I cannot read. And then I run them through Google translator and most of them say stuff like "the dog is in my pants" and "where is the library". Thanks, reddit. As far as the Spanish problem goes.. I disabled all my firefox extensions, cleared all my cookies and restarted it all again. THE SPANISH IS GONE! I do not know what possessed my computer to run for the border, but I am glad it is back. :)
Obtener una buena cantidad de mantequilla de maní en un cuchillo o una cuchara (esta cantidad varía en función de sus preferencias personales) y se distribuyen de manera uniforme en uno o dos rebanadas de pan para que el pan no se empapada por la jalea. Limpie cualquier resto de la mantequilla de maní residual de la navaja en la segunda pieza de pan. Scoop un poco de jalea en la otra rebanada de pan. Una vez más, la cantidad depende de usted, pero en caso de duda, utilice menos y no más. Jelly tiende a apretar los bordes y goteo si se utiliza demasiado. Asegúrese de difundir la gelatina uniformemente. Presione suavemente las dos rebanadas de pan juntos. Siempre ponga la mantequilla de maní y jalea lados juntos, de lo contrario será un lío "(además de no se peguen). Considere eliminar la corteza seca con un cortador de galletas de buena forma o un cortador de sandwich especial. Cortar las cortezas de preparar el sándwich más apetecible y más fácil para los niños de tragar. Cortar las cortezas de preparar el sándwich más apetecible y más fácil para los niños de tragar. Mantequilla el primer pan (el lado con la mantequilla de maní) realza el sabor. Tenga en cuenta que también añade grasa a la comida. Usted puede hacer sandwiches con rapidez haciendo todos a la vez.
So I was in a coffee shop this morning studying for a midterm. At one point I look up from my table and I see a twenty dollar bill laying at the feet of an attractive blonde making an order. I assumed it was hers since her wallet was open, so I walked over, picked it up and gave it to her. She took a look in her wallet and had all her money accounted for, so she told me it wasn't hers and said something along the lines of 'finders keepers'. So without thinking I handed the twenty to the cashier to pay for her order and walked back to my table. A few moments later, the blonde walked over to thank me and give me the change. I said "I know that normally guys are supposed to introduce themselves first and then take a girl out for coffee, but since I did this all backwards, how would you like to sit down and give me a chance to introduce myself?" She sat down. We talked. I got her phone number AND a date this weekend. In no way could I have scripted it any better. So Reddit, what is the smoothest thing you or someone else has done or said that ended in a date? EDIT: I scored a date AND the front page! Today was a good day!
ALRIGHT ALRIGHT WE'LL DO IN AMA NEXT MONDAY STARTING AT 10AM PST Thank you everyone for the awesome response. Our traffic just shot up 350% and it's still going up. Sorry about not responding enough, we got entirely overwhelmed by the comments and discussion. There were many serious questions and we think we can try to answer them better in r/IAmA. See you then! I'm one of the founders of Microryza, we're basically like, crushing it. I'm just kidding. Science crowdfunding is hard. But we love what we're doing so much that we dropped out of grad school to spend the past year doing nothing but coding and talking to scientists. We think it's important because when were working in labs, all these brilliant scientists and professors never spent their time in their lab doing research and spent all their time writing grant proposals. We decided that science isn't supposed to work like this. A recent survey by NIH saw that the average PI spends 12 weeks/year writing grant proposals. I wrote a blog post about this and some of the other problems that young scientists face in academia:
A friend of mine had his backpack with his $1400 engineering laptop in it, stolen, while at the campus food court. I had a weird gut feeling it would turn up on Craigslist, or somewhere similar. Everyday for a week I checked Craigslist. Exactly one week later, I found the laptop. This EXTREMELY stupid criminal took a picture of the laptop screen WITH MY FRIEND'S LOGIN NAME. Yeah, very stupid criminal. So I contacted the seller immediately via email and he responded within 20 minutes. I said I'd like to buy the laptop from him. We agreed to meet at a near by parking lot later that day. Next, we called the cops. They agreed to set up a sting on the theif. One of the officers pretended to be a buyer, and approached the thief. The officer acted as if he was examining the laptop, but was actually looking for the serial number. BOOM, it had a matching serial number and they arrested this dumbshit. A week ago (Four months later) the guy was proven guilty, and to my knowledge, is spending a year in prison. Plus, my buddy finally got his laptop back!
When I worked at Hollywood video (before that evil corporation went out of business) a man came into my store and bought one bag of popcorn. When I opened the register he pulled a box cutter out of his pocket and told me to give him all the money. My first reaction was to laugh. I couldn't believe I was being robbed. He then waved the box cutter around and swore he wasn't horsing around to which I told him he wasn't getting anything. He said he'd cut me and I told him good luck climbing over the counter to get me. He then placed his hands on the counter and leaned towards me. I grabbed a box cutter of my own and said look at that, a Mexican stand off. Now here is where it gets silly. The man asked if I was threatening him. I said no sir, still laughing at the situation. He then proclaimed he was calling the police and I said please do. He did and he WAITED for the police to arrive! He told them I brandished a box cutter and threatened his life. I then showed the fine officer our security footage and wouldn't you know it? He arrested my new friend. That's my favorite work story, call it bullshit if you want. So, any great stupid "criminal" stories?
Here is a compiled list of all the 1000+ upvoted items. You're welcome :) I could use some more brand recommendations. -TECHNOLOGY AND TOOLS- High Speed Internet: if you live within a FiOS or Cable footprint, get it. If your only option is dial-up or DSL... I'm sorry PC Hard drive - Solid State Drive (SSD): It's quiet and with it your PC could boot in just 6 seconds. Nothing too large is required, when you see a 128G on sale at newegg.com pick it up. You only really need to put the operating system on it and all your other data can go on a normal hard drive. Mechanical Keyboard: (brands) Dual Monitors: I can speak to this one, I can't function well without looking at two screens. Have an extra lying around? Use it. Or buy an extra one you won't regret it. Headphones: Audio TEchnica ATH-M50, these seem to have some great reviews for under $200 bucks. Pens: Pilot G2 Pro, Platinum Preppy Fountain Pen (gouletpens.com) Backpacks: SwissGear (I've had mine for years, use daily still looks new) Tools: Craftsmen, Snap-On Bicycles: (brands) -ATTIRE- Good Shoes: I wear Aldos everyday and love them. Would like to know what others recommend for brands. Fleece Lined Tights: (brands) Bras: (brands) Wool Socks: Wigwam El Pine, Carhartt, Dickies Sunglasses: Oakleys, Raybans - go for polarized Jeans: Levis (more brands) -CONSUMABLES- Bread: Go to a bakery if you can, if not get the bread from the supermarket's bakery. Don't buy Wonderbread, Sunbeam or similar. Vegatables: If you have a Farmers Market around, utilize them. The produce is fresher and most times cheaper than the supermarket. Real Maple Syrup: Kirkland Maple syrup Parmesan Cheese: Buy it in a block and grate it yourself. Avoid the stuff in a can. Cheese: Don't buy anymore Kraft American singles. Visit your deli and ask for some Muenster or Havarti. Coffee: (brands) Chocolate: Lindt Sausages: aManescape says you have to buy Sausages with weird shit in em! Beer: Craft beers Cat Food: Fancy Feast dry cat food, although AZeldanrust's cat now pukes with anything else. This seems like it would have to be a committed change, so be careful. -KITCHEN ITEMS- Cutlery: (brands) Paper Towels: Viva Brand -BATHROOM ITEMS/MAKEUP- Toothbrush: Sonicare Razors: (brands) Shaving Cream: (brands) Foundation: Estee Lauder Doublewear -BEDROOM- Mattress: Temperpedic Sheets: Get a set with at least 600 thread count.
She was telling me about it today and i couldn't think about anything except how horrible high school people can be. So here's the story. This guy set up a facebook event for this party at this big hall and over 120 people RSVP'd. 700+ invited. So it's not like no one knew about it. Considering the amount of people that would know about it and come, even if they hadn't clicked attending, was that high this guy booked a massive hall that could cater for such a large event. This cost him around $1500 which included food, security etc. Then he decided instead of using an iPod, which would probably get lost/stolen on the night, he'd hire a DJ. That cost $400. All of this the host had spent months working his ass off so he was able to actually afford it and hold the 'best party ever!' Come the night of the party, weeks of preperation money and organisation, this party is expected to go off! My sister heads off to this massive venue, 'fashionably late' aswell, and no one else is there. Much to their surprise, It's just an empty hall with lights going on and a DJ doing his thing. Then she finds the host and asks the normal questions; 'where is everyone' etc. He is as baffled as my sister was. Not even his best mates had shown up which was even more surprising. Now this is just the most gut-wrenching part of this whole thing. The host then calls his friends. He asks them 'where the hell are you guys?!' and, obviously on loudspeaker an uproar of laughter comes from the person speaking and you can also hear it in the background. He starts crying and everything, absolutely devastated about what has happened. Not only is he out of pocket at $1900 least and knowing that all your friends possibly organised a boycott for this event . When I was told this story i couldn't stomach how harsh and horrible people can be. I never even though this happened, especially on such a large scale as this. TL;DR Host works for months to be able to afford expenses for a party which was expected to have over 120 people in attendance. No one actually attended except for my sister, her friends, the host, his parents and girlfriend. When he called his mates to see when they'd come, they, as well as many other people in the background, just laughed at him and hung up
Bought a penis-ring to have sex with my ex-GF. The first (and only) time I used it, I set the ring size way too small - basically choked my penis from lack of circulating blood. Completed sex, but the next morning my penis was shriveled (like half its normal flaccid size)and looked like it was covered in really tiny veins everywhere. Went to the ER and it turns out that I caused ischemia in parts of my penis, burst a few blood vessels, and basically destroyed my ability to get an erection for the rest of my life. I am only in my 20's. Edit: I didn’t expect this comment to blow up so much, thank you all for your empathy (and TY for the reddit gold). There are a lot of questions below. This happened three years ago, and my ex broke up with me shortly afterwards. I can still get a semi-erection, maybe 20% of what it was previously if I use viagra. It gets engorged somewhat, but doesn't get 'up' like previously. ED causes a lot of stress, anxiety, worry, etc. no matter what age you are. The worst part was that I really couldn’t confide in anybody what was the source of my stress… my parents especially could see something was wrong whenever I visited, but I just told them that I was upset because my girlfriend broke up with me.
From mtv.com "A verbal argument ensued and Brown pulled the vehicle over on an unknown street, reached over Robyn F. with his right hand, opened the car door and attempted to force her out. Brown was unable to force Robyn F. out of the vehicle because she was wearing a seat belt. When he could not force her to exit, he took his right hand and shoved her head against he passenger window of the vehicle, causing an approximate one-inch raised circular contusion. "Robyn F. turned to face Brown and he punched her in the left eye with his right hand. He then drove away in the vehicle and continued to punch her in the face with his right hand while steering the vehicle with his left hand. The assault caused Robyn F.'s mouth to fill with blood and blood to splatter all over her clothing and the interior of the vehicle. "Brown looked at Robyn F. and stated, 'I'm going to beat the sh-- out of you when we get home! You wait and see!' " The detective said "Robyn F." then used her cell phone to call her personal assistant Jennifer Rosales, who did not answer. "Robyn F. pretended to talk to her and stated, 'I'm on my way home. Make sure the police are there when I get there.'
EDIT 10: Replaced pie charts with columns showing the top percentages EDIT 9: We are back up! Thanks to Ed at Zymic for all the help! EDIT 8: Working with Zymic to get the site back up Last week I setup a survey on a "free" survey account. It was "free" until I tried to retrieve the results. So I promised to make a new one. Here it is. I've been on reddit for a while, and I really enjoy the community. I always wondered who the people of reddit are. So I make a quick survey to find out. This is not a scam. Every single question is optional, you don't have to answer a single question if you don't want to. It's 100% anonymous, I don't ask you a single question about your name or account. You can look through my reddit profile and see that I've been here for a while, and am not just a bot trying to steal data. If you have any questions or suggestions let me know. If you think of any new questions I can add them easily. Now, here's the best part....INSTANT RESULTS!!!! I've created a real-time results page.. That's updated every time someone takes the survey! EDIT: Please upvote if you take the survey, so that others can see it. Thanks! EDIT 2: I am aware that Atheism and Agnostic are not Religions, but there that was the best place to put them. EDIT 3: Results require flash! EDIT 4: Only two people have reported finding the easter egg.....c'mon guys! EDIT 5: Shutting Down Temporarily for troll cleanup EDIT 6: The site has crashed, since it's hosted by some other company, I'm having trouble restoring it. I'll be working on it and get it up as soon as I can, ok it's up, but still being trolled.
My mom is a trucker, this is her story. She was driving through Arizona when she saw what she thought was leaves blowing across the road in the distance. This puzzled her since there's mostly pine trees in northern Arizona. When she finally got to the "leaves" she realized that they were migrating tarantulas, 1000's of them. There were so many of them that her truck was sliding on their guts so she had to slow down. She stopped at the first truck stop and told her co-driver to fuel up (he was sleeping at the time) because she wasn't going to step foot outside after what she just saw. Her co-driver was pissed since it was technically his time off, and he thought she was crazy, until he saw the tarantula guts and legs caked in the inside wheel well of the truck. She also outran a tornado in the midwest. She was about to pull over and take cover until she saw another big rig that was parked on the side of the road get tossed a couple hundred yards like a toy. She called me and told me that she thought she was going to die and wanted her last words to be "I love you" to me. She pulled off the freeway and got to a Wal-Mart, where she ran into the basement where all the staff and customers were taking shelter. After the tornado passed, they stepped out of the basement and into daylight, since the Wal Mart was destroyed.
Where's my Droid. As much as I use some of the other apps (especially the flashlight), I always seem to lose my damn phone in a couch, or god knows where...and it is ALWAYS on vibrate when it happens. So, you text a preselected word or phrase to your phone from a friends phone or what have you, and it automatically turns on the ringer to max volume, and plays until you find it...once you find it, you just hit the found phone button, and the app closes and your ringer settings return to what they were previously. Good stuff. Edit: I use the free version. Obviously the paid version is better (WMD also has the ability to take pictures with front and rear cameras, remotely activate gps, do a remote wipe, can use camera flash to help find it, can white/black list numbers, has a passcode that you can set to keep people from changing your keywords, sim card options, etc. some 'advanced' features are only available in the paid version...and YES there ARE versions of this type of app for the iPhone, but I don't know the names or quality.)
I work from a home office, and this time of year is really slow for my company. Of course, I need to stay close to my computer to respond to emails and calls, but I'd like to find something to do with my time. So Reddit: What can I do with my time at home? I'm a 23 year old American guy who is fairly well rounded (skill and knowledge wise) so you may suggest some things I already know or do, but I'd like any input you guys can get me! I'll update the post as responses roll in. Edit: (8:16 Central Time) Still buried in mail. you guys are awesome. Again- thanks, and keep 'em coming! I'm starting work on a (highly abridged) list, but as several folks have linked, there are many similar lists on reddit and elsewhere. Learning: Khan Academy, iTunesU, DuoLingo, r/onlineeducation, r/learnprogramming, TED Talks Fitness: r/fitness, kegels Hobbies: Pen spinning, Rubix Cube, Writing or Blogging, Penmanship/Calligraphy, Music, r/juggling, Needle Arts, Woodworking Gaming: r/Minecraft, r/WoW, r/leagueoflegends, r/dwarffortress, r/starcraft, r/webgames Giving Back: FreeRice, Optimists International, Planet Hunters
Please don't try to advertise paid services or shock sites here. (I guess shock sites are OK if you tell us beforehand that they're NSFW) EDIT: I'm on a mission to upvote everyone who comments here, so everyone else please do the same unless it's spam or advertising. EDIT2: Wow, front page after an hour and 2k comments. Keep 'em coming, guys, but don't forget to add an explanation. Edit3: got another one for y'all. www.mrmarz.com is the perfect combo of good music and an entrancing gif. edit4: Two people have messaged me to add things to my header. So, here we go. Here's an interesting concept with cool music, made by a redditor. http://clp.me/caves.html, made by spotpilgrim. And here's another thing: www.guidestones.org According to the creator, the92jays, here's what it is: It's a relatively large budget alternate reality game / web series that me and 3 other guys shot out of the trunk of a car. It's totally free content created for the web. EDIT5: So apparently this askreddit has been done twice before; here are the links, courtesy of redditor omgwtfbbq7. First one: http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/g8jiq/reddit_whats_a_littleknown_site_you_think/ Second one: http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/rrmhm/whats_a_little_known_website_everyone_should_know/ EDIT6: I swear, I've seen at least a hundred comments about reddit being an "awesome, little-known website." Please don't say "reddit" or "reddit.com." You're not the first one, and it's not funny.
No judgement, I'm just here to listen. Edit: Wow guys, it's been a journey. It's 1 AM and I have to be up for work tomorrow. I just want to say how happy I am that you all shared this with me. I'll respond to a few more, then I'll be up and back at it tomorrow. Peace <3 Edit2: I lied about going to sleep. I stayed up longer and read more of your guy's comments. It's actually very moving that you'd share all of this with me and I truly thank you. Unfortunately, I have so many comments that I honestly can't keep up with them all. A lot of them have to do with the same issue, so I strongly suggest you read through the thread and connect with some people that are going through the same thing. I'll do my best to comment on a few more, and I PROMISE to read every single last one of your comments. Even if I don't respond, I want you to know that I did/will read it. Goodnight folks. <3 Edit3: Edit2 bothers me. I want to reply to everything. Some of you deserve recognition and I feel like just reading them isn't enough. I see your problems, and I empathize deeply, I just can't reply to every single one. I'm sorry guys. :( Edit4: THANK YOU to those of you out there who are also replying to people! I noticed some comments I was reading already had some replies. You people are saints. :) Edit5: Follow-up. I'm still responding to some of the comments that are coming in, but I also wanted to mention that a fellow Redditor has made and invited me to moderate r/whatsbotheringyou If you would like, we can respond to some of your problems that you submit there in the form of a text-post. Cheers. <3
Hired full time, and I make a good living. My work involves a lot of "data entry", verification, blah blah. I am a programmer at heart and figured out how to make a script do all my work for me. Between co workers, they have a 90% accuracy rating and 60-100 transactions a day completed. I have 99,6% accuracy and over 1.000 records a day. No one knows I do this because everyone's monthly accuracy and transaction count are tallied at the end of the month, which is how we earn our bonus. The scum part is, I get 85-95% of the entire bonus pool, which is a HUGE some of money. Most people are fine with their bonuses because they don't even know how much they would bonus regularly. I'm guessing they get €100-200 bonus a month. They would get a lot more if I didnt bot. So reddit, am I a scumbag? I work about 8 hours a week doing real work, the rest is spent playing games on my phone or reading reddit... Edit: A lot of people are posting that I'm asking for a pat on the back... Nope, I'm asking for the moral delima if my ~90% bonus share is unethical for me to take... Edit2: This post has kept me up all night... hah. So many comments guys! you all are crazy :P
This one really gets me. I had a best friend that died of a heroin overdose last year, and the last time I saw her, I was being irresponsible and skipped out on work so I could hang out with her for the night. We were having fun and drank a little bit at the end of the night, ended up taking some group pictures with us and another friend. Those are the only pictures I have of her with me. I had no idea that that was the last time I was ever going to see her and I got to see her that one last time and by some random stroke of luck, get the only pictures I have of us together because I chose to be irresponsible and say fuck work for that day. I have never been happier to make a "bad" decision than I have been for that, fuck I'd skip work all year if I could see her again. She overdosed about 2 months later, out of nowhere. I found out from the messages on Facebook and it felt like my stomach just disappeared, like I suddenly became empty inside. Life has never been so horrifyingly real and I still get panic attacks sometimes when I think about her, but god damn am I happy I got those pictures from that last time we ever saw each other.
When I was in grade 12 English class we had been reading Death of a Salesman. It was the first class of the day and the Teacher was late. It was odd, but no biggie, so the class just bullshitted to pass the time. Five minutes pass, then ten, when I finally spoke up "Hey, HEY! We should just keep reading from where we left off yesterday guys." I was a very charismatic kid. Probably the most agreeable guy in school, the friends with everyone type, so everyone actually went along with it. It's a play, so everyone who had a 'role' the day before just resumed it and we kept reading. Well, 5-10 minutes later the Vice Principal comes in. He was obviously surprised that we were doing work, but he didn't mention it. He just told us our teacher was dealing with a personal issue and she would be a little while longer. 10-20 minutes more passed and she finally showed up. When she opened the door and saw us there, all reading and paying attention, she burst right into tears of happiness. She died a couple years later from Cancer, way too young. She was only 40. Around the time of her death I found out that was the day she was got her diagnosis/prognosis. So on one of the worst days of her life, our class helped make it just a little better. So, reddit, let's hear your stories.
My friend and I were pulling onto the highway yesterday when suddenly a Mexican looking kid waived us down and ran up to our window. He was carrying a suit case, the big ones like we take on international vacations and it seemed as if he had been walking for a some time. Judging from his appearance I figured he was prob 20-21 years old. He asked us if he could get a ride to "Grayhun". We both looked at each other and understood that he was saying Greyhound, and the only Greyhound bus stop in town was at this gas station a few miles down the road. It was cold and windy out and we had some spare time so we told him to jump in. Initially thoughts run through your head and you wonder... I wonder whats in that suitcase...is he going to put a knife to my neck from behind the seat... kilos of coke from Mexico because this is South Texas?... a chopped up body?...but as we began to drive I saw the sigh of relief through the rear view mirror and realized this kid is just happy for a ride. When we got to the gas station, my friend walked in and double checked everything to make sure it was the right spot but to our surprise the final bus for Houston left for the day. The next bus at 6:00 p.m. was in a town 25 miles over. We tried explaining this to him, I should have payed more attention in the Spanish I and II they forced us to take in High School. The only words I can really say are si and comprende. My friend and I said fuck it lets drop him off, and turned to him and said " listen we are going to eat first making hand gestures showing spoons entering mouth and we will drop you off after" but homeboy was still clueless and kept nodding. We already ordered Chinese food and began driving in that direction and when we got there, he got out of the car and went to the trunk as if the Chinese Restaurant was the bus stop. We tell him to come in and eat something first, leave the suitcase in the car. He is still clueless. When we go in, our food was already ready. We decided to eat there so he could eat as well. When the hostess came over, she looked spanish so I asked her I was like hey listen we picked this guy up from the street, he missed his bus and the next one is 25 miles over can you tell him that after we are done eating we will drop him off its ok no problems... and she was kinda taken by it and laughed, translated it to the guy, and for the next 10 mins all he kept saying was thank you. After we jumped into the car, I turned to him in the back and was like listen its 25 miles, I'm rolling a spliff, do you smoke? He still had no clue, but when we sparked it up, and passed it his way he smoked it like a champ. He had very broken English, but said he was from Ecuador and he was in America looking for a job to make money for his family back home. Like I said he was prob 20-21 years old. Shorly after, we arrived at our destination, and said farewell. Dropped him off at some store where he would have to sit on a bench outside for the next hour.. but I did my best. I hope he made it to wherever he had to go. My man got picked up, fed sweet and sour chicken, smoked a spliff and got a ride to a location 30 mins away. I hope he will do the same for someone else one day.
I've picked up numerous hitchikers but one in particular stands out. His name was Garth. Garth was a hell of dude with a hell of a story. This is the encounter between my friends and Garth. After graduating high school, myself and 4 friends decided to take a long road trip over the summer and Glacier National Park was our Mecca for the trip. We found ourselves camping in the middle of nowhere in the woods of NW Montana, some 25 miles north of Missoula. We camped illegally and got drunk and stoned and pretty much stayed up all night. In the morning, I woke up in the drivers seat of my car to see some dude walking by in the road which was 40 yards away from our campsite. The guy walking couldn't see us just passing by but I could see him. I was still half drunk so I decided to yell at him, not even thinking that it could be the owner of the land that we were illegally camping on. He did a 180 and stared straight at me and began walking towards me. He had a single backpack, a big tree limb for a walking stick and looked exhausted and hungry. He looked like the Big Lebowski mixed with Saul from Pineapple Express but acted like someone who had just had their ass kicked, mentally and physically. He looked like someone had suck his soul out of him. My friends had heard me yelling for him so they had stirred awake to find to their surprise, Garth sitting in one of our lawnchairs eating our stale Doritos like he hadn't eaten anything in days. We would later learn that was actually true.
I admit I had one when he asked me. Back when I was about 13 or 14 my cousin and I were walking out of a restaurant in central Washington. It was late in the evening and already dark. There was a very large river nearby us and I saw a light in the sky that appeared to follow low above the it. Now there was a small airport across the river so I gave it not another thought to being anything other than a plane. But instead of turning left to the airport it suddenly increased in speed and appeared to shoot upwards and quickly across the town. Then it flew off to the right towards a smaller town about 10 miles away. It then stopped and hovered above it for just a few seconds before a smaller light came up from the ground, appeared to hit the first light, and then both zoomed away in the distance. I turned to my cousin and he just looked at me and asked "did you see that too?" To this day is it the only thing I have seen in my life I can not explain. What about the rest of you? What is your weirdest unexplained event in life? EDIT: Well I have learned two things from this. The first was that the guy was right about a lot people having one weird story. The other is that I really should not have tried to read all these replies before bed because now life is terrifying. Some of you have apparently seem some scary shit.
This one isn't quite "supernatural" but it was weird. I live in a very homogenous area. I know everyone on my street and almost everyone in my neighborhood. Everybody is white middle-class. I had recently got a cat, who I loved, but was an idiot of an animal. One day she ran up tree with absolutely no branches and just sat at the top. Would not come down. I live next to a contractor who had helped get her down from another tree, but said he couldn't do anything this time. The tree was too thin and, like I said, no branches until the very top. If I had to estimate I'd say the cat was 20-25ft high. I was pretty upset. I sat there waiting for her until about 2am and then I just had to go home and I passed out on the couch. At 4am I hear really loud knocking on my door. I open it to see a man fully decked out in camo-gear, including light face-paint. He was holding my cat. Here's the conversation we had, almost verbatim. In a thick Russian accent he asks, "is dis yours?!" "How the hell did you get her down?!" "I climb." "That tree had no branches!"
In terms of loopholes, my criminal law professor was also a practicing criminal defense barrister, and he told this story about a case he had won: The event happened in the city of Jervis Bay in Australia, which is notable because it's an annexed part of federal land so that our capital territory can have an active port. My professor's client had gotten into a fight on the beach and, in knee deep water, proceeded to beat the shit out of the guy he was fighting. Assault charges were laid and it went to court. My professor managed to find that, at the time, the delineation of the federal land around Jervis bay ended at the high water mark. Also, at that time, the delineation of the coastal region belonging to the state ended at the low water mark. He managed to show that, because the crime had happened in between these two points, neither the state or federal court had jurisdiction to try the client, and he got off. Obviously the definitions were amended after that so that there would not be such a gap, but that one guy got through.
My favourite are the exploits of Corporal Leo Major, a Canadian scout/sniper in WWII and the Korean War. Highlights (in order of occurrence) Single-handedly captures a German Half-Track vehicle on D-Day. Vehicle turns out to contain important communication gear and code books. Comes across an SS patrol, kills all four, looses an eye in the process, refuses discharge for the injury. Single-handedly takes 93 prisoners at the Battle of the Scheldt. He was offered a DCM for the action but turned it down (wasn't a fan of current leadership). Single-handedly liberates the city of Zwolle. Major and his friend were sent in to recce the town prior to an artillery barrage and assault to come in the morning. After his friend was killed by machine gun fire, Major killed the gunners, took their weapons and entered the city. Over the course of the night, Major killed and captured so many german soldiers, and kicked up such a racket that the german garrison thought they were under attack by a far superior force. By morning, the German Army had retreated from the city. He received his first DCM for the action.
Here is an album of some pictures taken the night it happened and pictures taken this morning in the daylight. The officers tried figuring it out, but none of their guesses brought back any drivers. I live in Virginia, but this happened in a small city that has a university with ~13,000 resident students, so the license could be from any state (or even Canada, I suppose). I have liability insurance on this vehicle. Geico told me that if they can't cover me that I can at least get coverage through the Virginia Uninsured Motorist fund (or something to that effect). My concern is that my back is very screwed up from this (it was a massive jolt). I've had moderate trouble walking, sitting, and moving today because of the pain. My car also started cutting off while driving to where I suddenly lose power steering, breaking, acceleration, etc while driving. Shifting into neutral and starting the engine fixes it for a while, but I only did that enough to get home. TL;DR: Got rear-ended while stopped at a red light and the guy drove off. My car is broken and my back is pretzeled and my only hope to find this hit-and-run class act is to decipher the license plate smudge he left on my bumper. Please help! EDIT 1: Remember that the imprint is backwards from what the license actually says. EDIT 2: The Virginia DMV has an app for trying out different license plate messages, if it helps. It seems to tell you if a license number is available, too. Edit 3: Thank you, to whomever gave me a month of Reddit Gold! Edit 4: Oh, my goodness. I just crawled out of bed and saw that the comment count has risen from 53 to 975! Time to start reading! Thanks, everyone, for looking! Edit 5: crustlessmist figured out the plate number and jwild98 made a convincing graphic showing how that plate number matches up with the impression on my bumper! Following that amazing stuff, the following unexciting update: I attempted to leave a voicemail for the officer on my case, but the voicemail system was not letting me in for some reason, so I called non-emergency and talked to an officer there who offered to give the officer a message for me. I'm going to try later today to call again. With this being a smaller city and it being the weekend, I'm thinking I might not have luck until Monday, but I'll keep trying. Edit 6: No updates from anyone yet. I figured I'd go ahead and put the part number from the pieces I found on the ground here. One of them says: 52127-06050 ITW ^UP TSOP-1G >PP+E/P-T15< R TOYOTA and the other one says ^UP 52128-06050 TSOP-1G >PP+E/P-T15< TOYOTA The "ITW" on the top one looks funny... like it was scratched in by hand. I'm trying to get a picture up, but imgur is having problems. Here is a picture... had trouble focusing with the cellphone. Edit 7: Update: The officer on the case called me and I gave him the information that I've gotten here. He told me that he is actually off this weekend, so he's going to run the tag information on Monday and see if he finds anything. So, I guess I'll have to wait until Monday to learn anything new. I did give the same information to my insurance company, so maybe they'll get back sooner? I don't know. Edit 8: Update: The officer on the case works nights, I believe (I was hit at night), so I don't think he's going to run the plate number until tonight sometime. My insurance company wanted to wait until today to see what the police came up with (although I've let them know about all of the work you guys did, too). I haven't heard anything today. The officer said he would try the plate number and see if anything came back. Obviously, we all know something's going to come back because the report someone ran came back with a VIN number, and I've had some anonymous reports PM'ed to me that point that license back to a town that is only 8 miles away from here, so I'm confident that 5MRTNS is the guy. Now I just need to keep the officers and insurance agents on it. I'll report back once something more significant happens. Edit 9: Didn't hear back from anyone Tuesday. Wanted to give the officer a chance to call me (I believe he works nights) and wanted Geico to get a chance to do their own thing and call me back. I called Geico and the office on my case today around 11am. Left a message with the officer telling him that I'm following up on the lookup he said he was doing, because there's a felon out there and I've been going to the doctor and my car doesn't work, so I'd like to get insurance rolling. I'm going to call again later this afternoon. I think I need to be annoying. Edit 10: I've been calling. Haven't gotten a call back from the police yet, and I can't get the officer on the phone to speak with (only voicemail). Geico let me know that they got the guy's address from the plate number and sent him a letter telling him to contact them. I told them, "He's the offender in a hit and run. What makes you think he'll call you?" My case worker is currently trying to get permission to run a report cross referencing their entire database to see if the guy has been involved in other claims and who his insurance provider is. I feel like they're probably doing what they can. I just left another voicemail for the officer and told him that Geico was able to get the guy's address from their database, so I would assume that he should have been able to as well and to please contact me to let me know what's going on (and gave him 3 different phone numbers he could reach me at). I'm going to keep calling and am considering the current advice of getting the local news involved. Edit 11: I left a voicemail a few days ago with the Investigations Office informing them that I was not getting any calls back from the officer on my case and could someone please let me know what's going on. That night, a Sergeant called me at home and told me he would be leaving messages with the officer and the officer's training officer, letting them know that I need to be contacted. This morning, I finally got a call from the officer, letting me know that they found an address for the plate, but haven't been able to contact the person yet. He said he's hoping to be able to charge the person by this afternoon and that he'll let me know either this evening or tomorrow. Possibly humorous sidenote: He started his message to me (I was at work and he called my house, yay online voicemail) with: "I just wanted to shoot you a message..." the first part of which caught me off guard. :-P Edit 12: The officer called my house again a few minutes ago. He said he served papers to the guy and (according to my wife) said that "the individual" seemed like he was just going to plead guilty and get it handled (of course, speaking to a lawyer may change his mind). The officer said that I probably wouldn't be needed in court unless the guy went for a trial, in which case I'd be subpoenaed, but for now my insurance company should have enough to be able to pursue the guy's insurance. All in all it feels rather anti-climactic.
Hypothetical scenario: An anonymous billionaire is privately funding this. You will never meet them. They are not filming or recording any aspect of this; they simply enjoy knowing they have this kind of power. Each day you are woken up by a man peeing on you. This man has been hired by the billionaire to pee on you. They are regularly checked by doctors to make sure they are healthy and infection-free. Regardless, urine is sterile. Stinky, but harmless. As soon as the pee hits your face (and oh yes, he'll aim for the face) you can jump out of bed and go to the shower. While you are showering the man who pees on you will switch your mattress, put on new sheets and leave $300 in cash on your dining room table. The above situation will happen every single day for the rest of your life until one evening you decide you do not want to be peed on the next morning and cancel. Then it can never start again. Ever. A few conditions: -You may have as much or as little interaction with the man who pees as you want -The man who pees will act as an alarm clock/wake-up call. You can tell him to begin peeing at 6:30am and that's exactly when he will start. -If you share the bed with someone he will be aiming for you. Spashback onto the sleeping partner is a possibility. -If you go on vacation he travels as well. He will typically stay in the hotel room next to yours. The question is: How long would you let this go on? edit: Apparently R.Kelly likes to pee on people edit: To address a common question: Barring a once-in-a-lifetime emergency("My water broke!"), you must be peed on in the morning. This means if you wake up a few moments before your alarm was to go off you must lay there until the first drop of piss hits you. You can have a conversation with the man who pees if you like. Or simply maintain the world's most awkward eye-contact. edit: For any Jack Bauer's out there: Even if you do not have a regular sleeping schedule you must choose a time in a 24 hour period to lay down in bed and allow pee to hit your face.
EDIT: OBLIGATORY WOOOHOOOOOO FRONT PAGE!! Thanks for sharing your stories, and for the kind words as well. I'm not even exaggerating when I say this makes up for my shitty evening with Mr. Revolutionary Lifestyle. So now I just popped open a beer for all of you wonderful people and going through the comments.. I feel almost lucky! Fucking hell, some people are awful!! Hope you've all had better luck since then.. As for myself, I just chalked it up as a lesson.. part of my 'screening' for dating now would include asking the guy if he's into health supplements haha! Really, thanks to all of you.. last night roughly at this time I was moping around after getting home from that 'date'. Now I have countless hilarious stories to read through while drinking and kind messages from you awesome bunch.. worth it! Story-time (warning: wall of text) So I've known this guy for almost a year now, not really good friends or anything, more of casual acquaintances (we have a bunch of common friends and see each other from time to time, parties etc). A couple of months ago he started messaging me, first on Facebook, then by text (he got my number from a friend, he didn't ask me for it) and most of the time I responded just to be polite. He's nice enough, but not really my type.. so when he started dropping hints about 'meeting up', I just turned him down and said I'm busy, or we'd just catch up the next time there's a gathering with our friends, that sort of thing.. Fast-forward to last week and he asked me out again, which IIRC is the 6th time in the past 2 months. I finally decided to at least give him a chance, cos hey what could go wrong anyway, and who knows what I'm missing and all that jazz.. Worst-case scenario it would be awkward, but we've talked more than a few times so I was thinking it can't be that bad and we could actually have a pleasant time. Date night comes and we meet up in the city after work. We have dinner; nice, cutesy Japanese place.. conversation was okay.. I was certain at this point that it's really not going to take off, he really isn't my type.. but I was having a pleasant enough time and he was a total gentleman and not bad to talk to. The bill comes, and I was going to suggest a quick coffee before heading home. However, he said that there's something he'd made an appointment for us for and we need to rush off to make it in time. I was a bit intrigued and excited; was it a movie, or a show, a play (he knows I'm into theater)? So we hurry off and he took me to a high-end luxury mall with an attached wing for offices.. we went up.. wait, this is an office lobby.. what the.. It was a fucking weight-loss center. So he explains that he's part of this company (he works for them on a part-time basis as a distributor) and he wanted to introduce me to their products which would 'revolutionize' my lifestyle and make the healthier I've ever been in my entire life. (FYI I'm 5'5" and 135lbs). I was totally stunned at this point so I was just nodding like an idiot the whole time we were walking inside. He then left me with his smarmy 'teammates', who proceeded to give me an orientation about their company and a run-through of their health supplements (when he got to the part where the weight-loss products are, the smarmiest one said, "Oooh now this is what you've been waiting for, I saved the best for last!") I just sat through it because I knew that if I started to say something, I was definitely going to burst and make a spectacle of myself (there was a seminar ongoing and we were at a little table to the side). After I flat-out said that I'm not interested in any of the products and frankly don't believe that I need health supplements (I eat well and exercise regularly), they started on the 2nd phase: introducing me to the 'business' aspect of it. Basically, it was a networking model of business where you not only sell the products, you also recruit people to sell them and they would be under your 'team', and you get a commission for every sale they make. They rhapsodized about the wonders of the product, how easy it is to sell, and how much money I could be making because they could tell I have the right kind of 'personality' and 'network' for it. Registration was 'only' $1,000, and it was consumable in products.. which I could either use or sell to get my registration money back immediately. I wish I could say I flipped the fucking table and screamed at them to fuck themselves with their health supplements and hope they overdose on their products, but no.. right after the 'talk' I just said I should head home since it was getting a bit late. The guy actually messaged me to say that he had a good time and he hopes to see me again.. and that I would reconsider their products and the 'business opportunity'. I called some friends up and went out for drinks because fuck your health supplements that's why TL;DR Went on a date, guy brought me to weight-loss seminar, tried to sell me $1,000 worth of weight-loss products, and then tried to recruit me to join their networking business.
menthol cross-reacts with and decreases the stimulus threshold for cold-sensitive thermoreceptors. Edit: So some people wanted more information ELI5: menthol is a chemical in mint flavored chewing gum, this chemical is able to activate nerves that normally respond to cold temperatures <20C. That is why when you first chew gum it "feels" cold. They also make those cold sensors more sensitive so now they will start shooting signals to your brain when you drink water even though it isn't <20C; however, your brain only knows that these neurons are saying something is cold in your mouth and that's how it becomes interpreted. Something similar happens when you eat spicy food and it feels "hot" (or if you get pepper sprayed); but in that instance a different chemical called capsaicin interacts with heat sensors. AskScience explanation: Menthol and capsaicin activate different receptors. Specifically, menthol can activate TRPM8 receptor, which is normally activated at temperatures < 20C. Capsaicin, on the other hand, activates the which is normally activated by temperatures > 43C.
There are some true gems out there on the internet. Some of the most insightful and thought-provoking websites I've found include: Educational: TED - Ideas worth spreading. Khan Academy - a library of over 2,400 videos covering everything from arithmetic to physics, finance, and history. A mission to help you learn what you want, when you want. Brain Pickings - "a discovery engine for interestingness, culling and curating cross-disciplinary curiosity-quenchers, and separating the signal from the noise to bring you things you didn’t know you were interested in until you are." One of my favorites. Big Think - Blogs, articles and videos from the world's top leaders and thinkers. Thinking Allowed - provides an open, non-adversarial forum for the exchange of intelligent, alternative ideas. TWM Reference Index - a variety of interesting and mentally stirring articles about science, consciousness, and anthropology. RSAnimate - Dozens of insightful talks by leading scientists and scholars in their fields drawn real-time on a white board. Awesome for visual learners. Lizard Point - Learn geography! Inspirational: High Existence - Challenging the way you live! S.E.R.I. - Social Engineering Research Initiative but does it float - The most thoughtful art you've never seen. Compassion Pit - This one's cool. Choose to be either a venter or a listener, and participate in an interaction with another person in that role. This is an enlightening way to improve your listening skills, or to get something off your chest! Heavy Petal - How to make seedballs, or flowerbombs. Get guerrilla gardening today! Post Secret - We all have secrets. If Everyone Knew - Five facts worth knowing. inspire me now - Inspirational and novel designs from across the internet. Motivation RPG - Stay motivated. MoMA - The Museum of Modern Art - The Museum of Modern Art is a place that fuels creativity, ignites minds, and provides inspiration. The Ruthless Arena - The proving ground for philosophy. Musical: SolarBeat - If planetary orbital velocities were put to music. Music Roamer - Looking for similar artists? 22tracks - 22 song playlists of a variety of genres updated monthly. Rainy Mood - 30 minute high quality rain loop. Try playing it along with your favorite music. aM Laboratory - Beautiful tonematrix. The Hype Machine - Electronic music resource. Salacious Sound - Another electronic music resource. Newsical: Newsmap Electronic Frontier Foundation Visual News Miscellaneous Resources: AvaxHome - PDFs? Obscure albums? Recipes? Collections of art? You can probably find it on here. Google Torrent Search EDIT: This blossomed into an excellent thread. I'm going to be browsing your contributions all night! See you in the comments, reddit!
Course Hero - The largest collection of study materials online. Global Voices Online - Global Voices is an international community of bloggers who report on blogs and citizen media from around the world. One feature I like is that you can search by country. Sacred Texts - The largest freely available archive of online books about religion, mythology, folklore and the esoteric on the Internet. MIT Open Course Materials - Free lecture notes, exams, and videos from MIT. Compassion Pit - A completely anonymous site that allows you to vent to a random stranger, or be a listener. Like Omegle except the purpose is solely for venting, and allows you to choose to be either a venter or a listener. CouchSurfing - A site that connects people that need a couch to crash on and people that have a couch to offer. Has a fairly detailed safety-system to help you avoid bad situations. Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy - Self-explanatory. Interpals - Find a penpal. Make friends from around the world. Practice your language skills. 100% Free!
This question actually came to me from Mass Effect (can't remember which game in the series, might've been 3). There some dialogue about how universal policy didn't matter as much to humans because of their significantly shorter lifespans compared to other races (I am probably misquoting, but I believe that was the general sentiment). This got me thinking about the following questions: If the average human lifespan was significantly longer (e.g. 200+ years), would our morals, philosophies, choices be different? What kind of effects would it have on our governments, economies, or religions? I guess two different ways one can approach these questions: If humankind had evolved to such a long lifespan thousands to millions of years ago. If in the next decade, significant technology allowed for humans to live much longer. Thoughts? Comments? Edit 1: A good point was made on how the body should age along with the increased lifespan. For the sake of the post, let's assume it's relative. So for example, the amount you would age in one year currently would take three years instead. Of course this is just one viewpoint. This is definitely an open-ended question and am curious what other Redditor's thoughts are. Edit 2: Guys, I go to happy hour and I find myself on front page? I'm not drunk enough to comprehend this! The discussion has been awesome so far and I guess I'm not sleeping tonight because I want to read as many responses as possible! Keep the discussion going!
Just as the title says, I need to do a survey for class. The largest sample size along with proof gets to skip midterms. It can be brand or flavor, I'll sort them out later. Mine is Ben and Jerry's Chocolate Macadamia Nut Edit: The reason I didn't do survey monkey is because we're not allowed to. She however did say I could use social media and other online resources. Edit 2: Holy fuck on a stick. I honestly only expected about 200 replies. There's no way anyone has more than 3000 for a sample size. It'll be a pain in the butt to sort this out. Thankyou for the penis and skunk flavors as well. Don't stop, keep them coming just for curiosity's sake. Edit 3: Oh my god, 14,000 replies I can't thank you enough. Good news: I have the largest sample size and I have bragging rights for the whole semester. Bad news: It's going to be a pain in the butt to sort through all of this and make sense of it. Also my professor said future classes cannot use Facebook, Twitter or Reddit for any future surveys. I've ruined it for all. Last Edit: This is awesome I'm going to have to hire a couple people to read this through. Also if anyone is still reading, I_am_not_a_novelty also has a similar survey. Go ahead and fill that out for them as well http://www.surveymonkey.com/s/KQ9PCPS. There's also now a subreddit dedicated to surveys r/SampleSize. Ask away
I posted this here originally and then this update back in October. Summary: I innocently stumbled across naked pictures of my little sister on the Internet. From advice I received here on Reddit I confronted her about them. I found out after spying on her that the issue was much larger than it first seemed. She ended being put into a mental hospital because of me and I hated myself for that. Okay, so my little sister ("Julie") was in the hospital for almost two months. During that time she refused to see me. My mom, my dad, even two uncles and one aunt? She saw them at visits. But she refused to see me. I was convinced the entire time that the reason she didn't want to see me was that she hated me. I must have re-read my second post about this a hundred times, just to re-enforce my belief that I had done the right thing by telling our dad about the situation. Believe me, the comments in that second post really did sustain me. I've never loved Reddit so much as I have during some of the worst sleepless nights I've gone through, nights where I felt like the shittiest brother ever. Reading your assurances that I had done the right thing really helped me get along through this very difficult time. We were told two weeks ago that she was scheduled to be released on the 21st of December. This had nothing to do with money or insurance (my parents were paying out of pocket for her stay there but cost was never an issue). Apparently she has adjusted well to her new medications and is in much better, more sober state of mind now. I was thrilled to learn she'd be home for Christmas. I dreaded seeing her only because I have not seen her since the "intervention" that led to her being hospitalized in the first place. I was so worried she hated me that I even told my mom, upon hearing the news of her release, that I would gladly crash at my friend's house for a while. My mom's response? "Are you crazy? She wants you to be the one to pick her up!" ... Sorry, I still get teary-eyed when I remember that. So it turns out that the reason my sister didn't want to see me that entire time (two months!) was that she was embarrassed. She didn't mind seeing our parents or our uncles and aunt but she just couldn't handle seeing me. She felt like she'd let me down or something. I drove nearly 2.5 hours out to the hospital last Monday (only the second time I'd ever been there), alone, and greeted her in the reception area. She literally ran over and jumped into my arms when she saw me. I cried like a baby, Reddit, and I'm not embarrassed to admit as much. We talked a ton during the drive home. She has a much firmer grasp on her condition, now, then she did before. Best of all, and Reddit was right about this, she does not hate me for "turning her in". She's healthy. She's safe. She's on medications to deal with her Bipolar disorder. And she actually thanked me for intervening before she did something stupid, like meeting up with that one guy (aka "Asshole"). I worried so much, for so long, for nothing. My little sister still loves me. And I did do the right thing. Thank you, Reddit, for all of your thoughts and comments during this time. I've been feeling miserable for so long, because of all this, but your thoughtful comments and suggestions helped me from going into despair. This is why I love this site. Thank you again. /edit A few things. First, to all of you well-wishers, thank you so much for the kind words and good wishes. They mean so much to me you have no idea. Second, to the anti-meds crowd? Get a job. Sure, meds are sometimes over-prescribed. I won't argue that. But my sister didn't have an "episode" or a "temper tantrum" that was misdiagnosed as Bipolar Type I Disorder. While I'm sure that happens sometimes, you are in absolutely no position to gauge what my sister was going through. You don't know her, but I do, and trust me the girl who was posting those long, crazy messages on those image boards? The girl who confronted me and threatened me with all kinds of crazy nonsense the day after I talked to her? The girl, in short, who was off her medications? That was not my sister. That was my sister in a manic episode. If you have to ask the what the difference is between a manic episode and typical teenage angst/temper, you've never seen one. I hope you never have to, too, because they are scary. Scary scary. Sorry, I didn't mean to go on a tirade about that. It's just... frustrating to read some of the holier-than-thou, "you do realize Bipolar is the ADD of the 2000's, right?" type of messages this post has garnered. So fucking annoying. Go give L. Ron Hubbard some money but STFU on this post, please. Again I'm sorry. The vast majority of the responses here have been so supportive and uplifting, but the few trolls who managed to get a bunch of upmods for being contrarian did sort of piss me off. Done being angry, Reddit. Oh, as for her long term care? She's going to be in IOP (Intensive Out Patient) for the foreseeable future. That means, starting in January, daily visits to a local clinic where she'll receive both group and individual therapy. She's also going to see the psychiatrist she took a huge liking to at the hospital once a month until she finds a new doctor to replace her. She's fine with all this, and is actually excited about it. She has this journal she keeps showing me that she writes in when she starts to feel "unbalanced". She says it's like her own private "group therapy" but she can't wait to be in the real thing again. Our dad took away her computer but he set it up in the living room, right next to the television set, and she's free to use it whenever she wants. She has absolutely no privacy on it but she seems to be okay with that. I think the biggest test will be when she goes back to school. She lost an entire semester because of her hospitalization and she'll be needing to go to summer school to make up for it and while she says she's fine with that, I know it sort of bums her out. Plus, school is usually a "trigger" (so I've noticed) for her bad depressive and manic periods. But I really believe she's ready this time. I've never seen her so strong and resolved to handle her condition as she appears right now. Well, that's it. This is most likely the last ever thing I type using this account. As I mentioned in my original post, I have a real Reddit account that I often use and I simply created this one for this particular issue. I am very glad that I did, too. Reddit came through for me in a big way. I hope that others out there who are in any kind of strange/heart-breaking/etc. type of situation look to this experience and find inspiration to share their own story, whatever it is. The trolls and the assholes try to grind us down but Reddit is good at fighting back. I so fucking love this place. I love you all... yes, even the trolls and the assholes. Adieu, adieu from blind-with-worry. edit the last Okay forgot to mention... as to the Asshole: Believe me, like most of you, I want to go after this prick. I really do. I actually had a huge argument with my father about this about a month ago. When I calmed down, though, I realized that the legal advice he was getting was correct: fanning flames risks spreading fire. What my sister needs now, what our family needs now, is time to heal. Would it feel good to crush that motherfucker? Sure. Would it draw everything out, though? Definitely. That would not be a good thing. Sometimes what feels good is actually bad or at the very least can make a situation worse than it already is. Let me put it like this. Say I posted his Gmail username here. And Reddit went to town crushing him in all sorts of ways. So he decides, "Heck, that bitch ratted on me. I'll show her!" and he ends up reposting the obviously self-shot images to every site and image-board, maybe even here on Reddit. Not only would that humiliate her but it might have legal ramifications for her. What's done is done. Trust me, I know it's a bitter pill to swallow. I'd like nothing better than to meet this asshole someday and do things to him that would get me 20-life in a state prison. But when you think on it logically, what good does that do for my sister? For myself? For my family? As tempting as it is to send his wife an anonymous letter, too, there's just one problem... I don't have his address. In short, I'm just going to have to leave my revenge fantasies to my imagination and Tarantino movies. This asshole/douchebag will likely slit his own throat one of these days anyway. In the meantime, no fanning the flames. Doing so spreads fires. and those are the final words, I swear this time, of blind-with-worry
This is embarrassing and not really recent, but in high school I thought people were saying "heart on" to mean they liked something (like affection comes from the heart). The day I found out people were actually saying "hard on" and it meant an erection was the day I realized I had been telling everyone including adults and teachers that I had an erection for everything. Also adding to my embarrassment is that I'm female. Edit: How I found out that I was mistakenly saying "heart on" to mean "really like": One of my older brother's friends had mentioned that our school really liked 'Brad' because he was a good student. So that evening at the dinner table (with my brother's friend present), I told everybody that the friend said "the school has a heart on for Brad." Everybody got really quiet and glared at my brother's friend. I was very confused and then instantly mortified when my brother explained everything to me after dinner. Also, one very vivid cringe moment I have was telling a room full of people that "I had a heart on for peppermint ice cream."
The barista at my local Starbucks didn't tell me until I handed him my card to pay for the car behind me that 8 of us had done the exact same thing. He and the other workers could not stop smiling! All of them seemed really excited about what they just witnessed, and honestly--I was really stunned that 8 of us had independently decided to pay for the car behind us. After the madness that was Black Friday, and the horrible behavior that usually accompanies it, I just couldn't help but be amazed at what I had inadvertently been a part of. I've paid for people's meals/groceries/coffee before (especially around the holidays), but I've never been on the receiving end of a "pay it forward" chain or somebody that helped keep one going! I know the 8 of us didn't solve any major world crisis this morning or really help anyone out, and the woman behind me may not have actually liked having her drinks purchased by me--but the semi-anonymous gesture of buying your neighbor's coffee on a cold Sunday morning just...moved me. I just couldn't stop smiling. It was as if kindness was contagious this morning! :D And just thinking about a possible "pandemic" of kindness leaves me breathless. I'm sure this isn't even the most impressive "pay it forward" scenario that people have encountered, so I want to hear your tales! Maybe some of us have all been a part of the same chain of kindness. :) Edit: So far it looks like drive-thru cafes and tollbooths are common places for this type of masked-goodwill! haha Though I'm really impressed with how u/Drunkdillweed may have started a pay-it-foward chain at a Little Caesars. Edit 2: Alright, coffee is definitely the current leader in the "thing to anonymously pay for" category haha. I have included a semi-visual explanation of how this can happen in a drive-thru in a later edit bellow! Edit 3.5: (I've added some NEW stories at the end of the list!) While I'm in love with all the coffee stories, here are some hidden gems in case you miss them! Love flows as much as the liquor in this bar tab story; Paying-it-Foward can happen in courthouses too! A little kindness can lead to some judicial magic; kindness is extra sweet in this twist on providing random holiday desserts; apparently car washes are a fantastic place to get a kidness-cycle going; coupons may be good for redeeming a bit of kindness as well; depositing some quarters in a meter may be a great way to drive away some stress in another commuter's day; a toy store worker saw multi-generational magic when humility was anonymously rewarded; book-lover left a prepaid gift card at a register so that the clerk could reward a family that was supportive of a child reading (link coming); and some non-drama filled popcorn is gifted (though not accepted) to a couple of movie-goers. I still really love that idea though!; several "clean cycles" of kindness are being spotted in laundry rooms all over; and these folks caught the ever elusive "kind-crab" during their fishing trip. Most common drive-thru locations for kindness-chains: Starbucks, Tim Hortons, McDonalds, and Taco Bell. Edit 4: I just wanted to do a better explanation for how this entire thing occurred, for those of you who've never seen a drive thru cafe. So, in a typical American drive thru you will pull into a driveway that wraps around your favorite cafe/restaurant. Shortly after pulling into the driveway you will roll up to a giant menu with a microphone and this is where we place our orders. Then you pull up to the window to pay and pick up your beverage/treats. Once you or any other car pulls away from the giant menu, the barista/window worker has the orders totaled up. So, if you notice a long line of cars behind you and you'd like to do something nice for the person behind you, you can tell the worker that you'd like to buy the other driver's order too. No guess work is needed about the amount since it's already been totaled. Hope that clears some stuff up! Edit 5: While I'm still planning on updating the above list to help folks navigate around this incredible thread, this will likely be my last ramble. First, thank you for sharing your wonderful stories! I enjoyed reading all of them. :) Second, thank you to the anonymous gifters for the reddit gold! Now, I know several of you are still critical of this kind of behavior (and I definitely apologize if you've ever been a recipient of one of my errant coffeecup gifts!) and just don't get "the point" of all this. I think the biggest concern is that this type of act conflates helping people in need with giving a superfluous gift to someone who doesn't need it. I never wanted there to be a weighing of the two types of acts, especially since one is obviously more significant than the other, but I don't believe the latter is totally inconsequential... I mean, one can never be 100% sure that the person standing next to you isn't suffering somehow. That they aren't trying to cope with a terrible loss or struggling through a horrible bought of depression. But still, a coffee cup doesn't do any substantial good for those folks either, but it may just brighten their day a bit, which I think does everyone a bit of good. At the worst, it was a free annoyance. What ultimately makes this experience (and others like it) so beautiful for me, and why I think so many others love the concept, is that no one was harmed, nothing was solicited, and the only thing that connected a bunch of strangers for a brief moment in time, was a piece of shared kindness in the form of a cup of coffee. :) These moments are also poignant reminders of just how important it is to give to those who are struggling! If a pre-paid cup of coffee, toll charge, carwash, bar tab, or meal can make such an impact on so many of us, I can't imagine how life changing having someone providing for your actual needs can be. Thank you again for these wonderful stories, and I'll still try to add new/hidden ones to my list above. Take care Reddit!
I've been deaf since birth and there are lot of "sound words" that I read a lot but don't really know what they mean, and dictionary definitions often just refer to other sound words. It's never mattered to me before, but now I'm trying to write a novel with one hearing narrator and every time I use a sound word I'm not sure I'm using it right. I posted awhile ago to r/writing about "scream", "shout" and "yell" but I've generated a list of questions so I thought I should take it to a larger audience. People crying in sadness vs crying out in anger, I know there's some gray area in between where they can be used interchangeably, it's hard to get "shriek" and "ream" are both words that seem to imply emotion more than any specific sound. Is that right? Can any sound be described as "piercing" if it's loud and annoying? Like thunder for example. apparently people use "ejaculates" as a dialogue tag?!?! It seems to mean "to say suddenly or without warning" (or does it just mean "interrupt"?), but the more normal use of "ejaculates" doesn't imply that at all. I don't know if this is a deaf thing or maybe I'm just dense. Does sound have something to do with this? What does "jive" mean? Does "he speaks jive" and "he speaks AAVE" and "he speaks Ebonics" all refer to the same thing? I was raised by black parents but I can't understand any dialogue written in black dialect. I know not all black people talk like that but is there a way to mark that in a novel? Do you know of a webpage that would tell me how to translate dialogue into dialect like that? Are "stammer" and "stutter" synonymous? What about "chat"? Dictionary says "to speak informally" but I feel like it implies something I'm not getting. Is it speaking fast? Can you use "chat" as a dialogue tag? (like "What are you doing tonight?' he chatted"), I don't think I've seen it but the dictionary makes it sound like you can. "mumbling" sometimes implies apathy but other times hostility. Is that right? That's weird because it connotes opposites. What does it sound like? Is it synonymous with whispering? I know cats "meow", dogs "bark" and cows "moo" but what does these words mean when used in other contexts? Sometimes other animals are described with the same sounds, like I think foxes bark which makes sense because they're like dogs but I think I've heard dolphins described as barking too. That's weird. Does a dolphin and a dog really make the same sound? "howl" is just for animals except "howling in pain" right? Is a dog's howl just a long bark or does it sound different? Do different dogs sound different? What if they're the same size and breed? "Chirp" and "squawk" were originally animal noises but are now used in other contexts right? I don't know what they mean really. Birds and mice do them both interchangeably, that's as specific as I know. And I think bats chirp but never squawk? Is there a chart somewhere showing which animals make which sounds? Like, can a weasel growl? What about bears? Bears look like the kind of animal that should "growl" but I feel like I've never seen that written and Google doesn't show a lot of usage. Do all doors creak? Can all doors be slammed? Windows? Does "slam" always imply loudness? Do you always slam doors when you're mad? Do deaf people slam doors when they're mad? (I don't think so, but if it's just a function of being mad I might do it and not notice because I'm mad). People say "he slammed that beer" to mean chugged, that's silent right? Or does it mean "gurgle" in that sense? "Gurgle" is another hard one. And "gargle", that means something different right? "Ring", like "ringtone" is hard to get. What else "rings"? Cell phones sound different from landlines, right? People sometimes describe them as "chirping"? Dictionary says "click" is "A short, sharp sound as of a switch being operated or of two hard objects coming quickly into contact." but I feel like I've seen it in other uses, it's hard to remember exactly what I'm thinking of. But could I use it to describe cymbals, pennies or pencils hitting each other? If a voice is described as "tender", what does that mean? "moan" can be painful or sexy right? Anything else? Is it possible to moan joyously or humorously? "cooing" What is that? Is there a difference between a woman "moaning sexy" and "cooing sexy"? Apparently it's possible to "whisper" loudly and "shout" softly? WTF!? Thanks for answering any questions you can! Edit: Thanks, people are answering too quick for me to really read them all, I'm trying to answer questions though. I'll look over answers more thoroughly as I'm trying to write my book, I'll look at your responses to make sure I'm using my words right. So I may respond to you weeks or months from now.
I'm a TOEFL teacher, and so I actually have (some) training in making these sorts of abstract concepts approachable through simple explanations. I'll try: People crying in sadness vs crying out in anger, I know there's some gray area in between where they can be used interchangeably, it's hard to get People crying "sadness" is like looking at river rapids. It's a flow of emotion and grief. People crying out in anger is like a sheet of ice cracking apart suddenly. It's sharp and sudden. "shriek" and "[sc]ream" are both words that seem to imply emotion more than any specific sound. Is that right? Shriek is more painful (like a pin in your skin). Scream is more broad, like a scratch of a claw. Both imply the same general emotion of horror, usually sudden. Can any sound be described as "piercing" if it's loud and annoying? Like thunder for example. Thunder isn't piercing. Distant thunder is like a heavy blanket, or the feeling of a lead blanket when you get an x-ray -- if the thunder is very close it's like someone throwing a lead blanket on you and then punching you in the face. "Piercing" is like a fast thin dagger in your head or a dentist drill (it comes from "pierce" as in "pierce the skin")
our company had a corporate apartment we used mostly for out of town clients when they came in for meetings. i usually handled the maintenance of it: monitoring the cleaning service, setting up fresh flowers, fruit basket etc. for whenever it was going to be used. eventually i got promoted & assigned those duties to my new assistant. one day she called in sick, so when i found out a client was in town last minute i offered him the apartment for the night, and met him there to show him where everything was since he'd never stayed there before. imagine my (and his) surprise when i opened the front door to find my assistant and her boyfriend (?) engaging in a little friendly game of oral sex on the living room carpet. after i slammed the door shut and hurriedly got him in a cab to a hotel, i went back to work and listened to my voicemail. she had called to apologize for having lied about being sick. no apologies about the live sex show we'd just witnessed. just "sorry, i wasn't really sick, i just wanted a day off'. needless to say, that was the first of many days off for her.
My kids just found a little penguin on our beach! We have called the local environmental agencies, but they will only be here tomorrow. The poor little thing does not seem to be doing well. Is there anything we can do until tomorrow? The kids just named him Gunter :-) I am in the extreme south of the state of Bahia in Brazil. It is very rare to find penguins this up north, but this week alone, 3 washed up on the beaches. This is the first one that is alive. We are in a very small town, far away from any major cities, so there are no zoos or vets who can help around here. The people we called were not much help (it was the end of the day and the specialists were not in) but we were told that they will come by tomorrow. I would just like to know if any biologist here knew if there is anything we can do to help keep him comfortable (and alive) until tomorrow. Anything we can give it to eat? Where would he be most comfortable - in a cool place or not? He is not getting up, but he is moving a lot more now. EDIT 1 - Picture 1 and Picture 2. Yes, it is real Bath 1 and Bath 2. Video of Gunter when we found him EDIT 2 - Gunter made it through the night!!! He is resting in his towels, and was following me around curiously with his little head when I walked in to check on him. He is sooooooo cute!! We checked him for dehydration and to see if his temperature was ok (as per instruction of a biologist specialized in penguins) and he seemed just fine). He drank and also ate a little. I called the people who will come and pick him up, and the good news is that instead of keeping him the small center until they had more animals for the trip, they will try to drive him off today to the really big center 4 hours north!! I will take more pics before Gunter goes, and ask the people in the center to keep me updated. Thank you all for the help!!! EDIT 3 - Gunter does not seem to be doing well at all!! :-( :-( He is not responding to when we walk in, and when we touch him, he does not move his head much. He is sleeping and his eyes are closed, but he is breathing heavily. I think he is dying... :-( :-( ARGH!! And they called saying they won't be here until the afternoon. It will be too late!! I did not want him to die here :-( EDIT 4- Well, maybe he was just sleeping really deeply? Because he woke up and ate TWO live little fish!! He was not interested with the dead stuff yesterday, but he gobbled up the live fish! He also had water! I am afraid to hope, but how can I help it? Fight Gunter!! EDIT 5- They called again, and should be here soon. A picture of my youngest and Gunter and a picture of Gunter chilling Arrive already, Mrs. Biologist! UPDATE HERE
I take care of penguins and sea birds for a living. Give the penguin access to an area with a heat lamp. Keep quiet and leave it alone if you can. Purchase some local small bait fish, this is a juvenile but should be able to eat any small, raw bait fish that are not wider than the width of its neck. These penguins do well in warm climates, but access to COLD water (~40 degrees Farenheit) is good IF it is deep enough. If you don't have access to anything deeper than what the pictures show, don't worry about swimming him/her unless their feet get hot. If the penguin's feet are HOT, than he is overheating and needs cold water to lower his body temp. They should be warm, but not hot. If it will not eat, do not attempt to force feed him without knowing what you are doing. You could easily feed into their breathing tube if you are not trained. Best of luck. Don't get too attached. EDIT: 40 F should be the minimum temp, excellent for rapidly cooling an overheating penguin or alcid. Hopefully trained animal care workers have gotten to Gunter by now (8/15/12)!
Alright, my GF whom I live with, ( A redditor as well if it matters ) walked in on me while i was having a little five on one time and she immediately walked out after seeing me in an awkwardly wrench like position ( You guys know how it is, literally 2 seconds before you're about to clear the snorkel and you dont want to get it on anything in front of you, so you make a little 37.32 degree turn to the left ((or right))) Ok so, she walks out.. and like the guy that I am, I finish saying goodbye to the colonel of love, and continue browsing the web like it's no big deal... right ? I start hearing SOBBING outside the door, I go outside and she goes OFF on me. She goes APE SHIT, "how could you do that, that's disgusting, thats not normal, you have a fucking gf, why do you do this to me, do you not love me, am I not attractive anymore, do you want me to be some porn slut"? She then left the apartment, and I have not heard from her yet ( it's been 7 hours ). I love my gf dearly, but i'm not sure what just happened.... Is it really that big of a deal ? Like, am I a douche for wanting some self diddling time ? WTF DO I DO REDDIT, I'm afraid when she comes back I wont be able to say anything to say, should I apologize ? Say it'll never happen again ? HELP ME REDDIT EDIT Please don't make this a front page post, my gf is a redditor too. I just wanted some quick answers. EDIT2 She called me, was sobbing a little. I told her we "need to talk" She said "ya" and said she'll be home in a couple of hours, shes with her mom ( IS SHE GOING TO TELL HER ? ) EDIT 3 I just received a text from her "my mom is coming over with me, clean up a little.." I'm leaving going to a friends house, I do NOT want to deal with that if she told her. ( I smoked a little to calm down, and I don't think I'm ready for a parental confrontation ) EDIT 4 I'm at my friends house now, and you guys made this front page... wow FU. Ok to clear some things up though between us, We have an AMAZING relationship, we NEVER argue, we have fun together just her and I. I love this girl to death, I hate seeing her unhappy. To clarify "our sex life is amazing"; Whenever she's in the mood, I'm down. And yes there are times when I'm in the mood and she's not that I give her the space needed. This is normal though ? Guys do generally want it more then women ? It doesn't bother me, and we've been together for about a year and a half, and I have Waxed the Winnebago before but she has NEVER caught me. This is actually the first time I've ever been caught. And Ashley, since I know you'll read this: ILY, I know you'll hate me for doing this, but please read some of these comments. I'm sorry that you felt it inappropriate and im sorry for not talking to you about it, ever. I think you're the most amazing girl in the world.. and again, i'm sorry. EDIT 5 She read this, the stupidest shit gets to the front knews, so now I have to go over there. Today r/gonewild/ gets me in trouble, then reddit finishes me with a front page fatality. EDIT 6 Guys, the whole "FU , reddit getting me in trouble, stuff is not serious. I just say stuff like that to lighten the topic, I'm saying it sarcastically. I love reddit, and agree with most of you. I understand she's overreacting, which is why I am going to talk to her, but you guys need to understand as well that it's someone I care about. Someone I care about felt hurt due to something I did. Sure it might have been an overreaction, nonetheless someone I care about felt hurt. Also, I'm not apologizing for making the cyclops fight a 5 headed monster, I'm apologizing to her for posting it here. ( Even though logically to you guys it's a story, you don't know us so it shouldn't really bother her because it's not like I'm going to my moms house....Pun intended. Also, this conversation just has never really been brought up personally between us. I never thought about bringing it up because I've seen it normal since i was 10 years old. And she just never brought it up either. I am 25 years old, she is 23. EDIT 7 I have not read all of the comments posted, to many for me to keep track of, but I know It pisses me off when I read a story that is happening, and the author doesn't update it, so i'll do my best to update it and keep it private at the same time. So, I go home, unlock the door, try to open it. The little chain is on the door. Her mom comes towards the door and says hi with the stupidest, smuggiest look I have ever seen in my life. ( Her mom never liked me to begin with ) and says "that's disgusting" straight away, and walks away from the door, leaving the fucking chain in. I'm not the kind of guy to lose my temper, specially when it's regarding women, but me and her mom have never had good blood between us so the way she said it pushed me over the edge I guess.... Well anyways, she walks away and I kick the door and break the stupid little chain and I told her in a louder then average voice that it wasn't her fucking business, and I needed to talk to her daughter in private... ( to clear things up between us ), sooooooooo she gets her bag, calls Ashley over and she calls me an aggressive sex deviant. Then she tells Ashley " we're leaving " and I look at Ashley, then ask her if she's actually going to let things get to this point over nothing, after everything we've been through. She say's "you didn't have to kick the door open like that Dom, you need some time to calm down " and they leave. And that's where I now draw the line. I'm done with this, you, and your mom Ashley. I've done nothing but be nice to you, treat you with respect, ALWAYS go out of my way to make, and keep you happy. You should honestly let her read this thread so she can realize what a fucking CUNT she is. Tell her to stop using the fucking tanning bed because her skin looks like the leather off of an Alligators asshole. I kicked the door open because it's MY FUCKING APARTMENT. Honestly I'm glad you caught me making my baldie puke, because if it wasn't for this I wouldn't have realized how much like your mother you are. My phone is OFF, don't call, or text me. I'm going to SMOKE AND MASTURBATE ALL NIGHT. PRE-8 Update For all of you who say this is fake, I would like to help you guys out. Tomorrow morning I'll take pictures of the door incident and post them here as update 8. I still have my phone off, so no updates on her. I haven't even touched gtalk or msn either. Now, I would also like to say that if she does message me tomorrow, I am definately going to consider what she has to say, because we have been together for a long time and I have never seen this side of her, shes still someone special to me. As mad as I may get those kinds of things don't change overnight. But don't get me wrong, if she tries to defend any of her actions I will, as you guys say, masturbate on her things, while looking directly in her eyes,** like a boss**. (joke) Maybe she will realize it was an extreme over reaction and come to her senses. If not honestly the thought of being single is not that bad of a thing. Good night for now redditors, and reddettes. Thanks for everything, if this post is still going in the morning i'll make sure to post an update on the situation. If it gets boring i'll just leave it be. Update 8, and probably the last update I did as planned last night, even though I felt like shit about it. It hit me that I could seriously lose someone I care about, over something miniscule.. It's just eating at me, even though YES I know she's at fault, she may be immature, she's over reacting, she's socially uneducated about the general populations ( including my own ) beliefs in certain things, but she's also an amazing talker/listener, fun person to be around, she's smart, witty , and i'll stop now before this gets too stupid. So yea, I turned my phone on, and there were 5 messages. The first two we're "we need to talk please call me " the other two were "call me now Dom I'm serious " and the last one stated that if I can so easily turn my phone off and vent about our relationship on reddit instead of talking to her then we need to take some time apart to re-evaluate things. ( Now I know most of you will say "See, you shouldn't have been immature and turned your phone off" but the truth is, had I not done that I would have said things I probably would have regretted, she may have as well in return. I wanted to wait for me to calm down before talking to her.... evidently that was a mistake, and now she will be coming over on Saturday to pick up some of her stuff with her mother. Maybe it's for the best, and maybe you guys are right and I did dodge an emotional trainwreck of a bullet ( which I still find hard to believe due to how our relationship was prior to this incident ) but it still feels like SHIT. It feels like theres a blender inside of me. This is it Reddit, you have just witnessed a relationship go to hell due to an overly obsesed piece of shit mother who will ruin her daughters life if she doesn't realize what she's doing. I feel helpless right now... I'm still kind of like "wtf... ?" I'm tempted to publicize her mothers contact information so that you guys can have a go at it. But after reading some of the comments left here, I will indeed take the high road and let it be. No work today, and i'm single.. So I'll just smoke away my stupidity of feeling bad and play the 2 shitty games I have on steam ( CS and CS:S I think ? ) :/. IF any of you redditors would like to join me in steam, don't hesitate to add me if you don't mind playing shitty games to pass time, my steam account name is; Fjufju And I bid you farewell, from this post at least. I'll always be amongst you redditors upvoting and spending 69 sleep hours a week on reddit. Thanks for everything, the insightful posts, the comments that made me laugh, and even the harsh-reality posters. I guess I need to open my eyes. One last time, for reddit. LIKE A BOSS but life's a bitch
I'm in the mood for some scandal. Edit: TIL everyone was a Nazi. Edit 2: To avoid reposts, these are the top scandals so far: Mother Theresa wasn't as saintly as she is made out to be, although the extent of which is unconfirmed Mark Walberg almost killed a guy Matthew Broderick killed two people in a car accident John Lennon and Carl Sagan were bad husbands MLK plagiarized and womanised Tim Allen smuggled cocaine and ratted out his partners for a light sentence FDR threatened to expand the supreme court with his supporters to push the New Deal Charles Dickens left his wife for an 18 year old and slandered his ex in the newpapers Lots of household names were Nazis Led Zeppelin diddled kids Rudyard Kipling funded Irish militants Psy threatened to kill slagged off US Marines pre-Gangnam Style Lewis Carroll's 'Alice' was based on a young girl he took saucy pictures of CONTEXT Edit 3: Gandhi slept with his grand-niece every night and was an all-round bastard/weirdo Che Guevara was a mass murderer Eddie Murphy is a massive deadbeat dad Sean Penn beat Madonna with a baseball bat Christopher Columbus was a bad man Suzanne Somers is not nice Sean Connery defends domestic abuse The Dalai Lama isn't the all round good guy reddit makes him out to be [Bill Nye was not a nice guy] (http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/1dhuf6/what_are_some_ugly_facts_about_famous_and/c9qunlr) Bruce Wayne is Batman Churchill gassed thousands of Kurds to prevent a rebellion, much like Sadaam Hussain DEBUNKED Eric Clapton is a massive racist Edit 4: Pavlov tied down and surgically attached spigots to homeless childrens cheeks for conditioning experiments Jackie Chan has an illegitimate child
Regarding missing information.... I do not know what happened I messaged mods about it a few hours ago when 1/2 my post disappeared along with 2000 comments...... I just woke up from a nap and checked my phone, luckily my browser still had the page open so starting now I am going to start transcribing the info from the phone to the post. DONE. Everything reposted. So I may just be paranoid.... but I came home last night after being gone all day to find my exterior garage door keypad was left open, my remote then would not close the garage door, the garage door remote when I clicked the close button would just flash the light on the garage door opener three times. The door did close when I pressed the wall opener. Now this alone is not that big of a deal, weird stuff happens with electronics. But then my mind started racing with all of these things that have happened over the years so I started thinking about those things and went to investigate around my Town House. I present to you my list of evidence to you, convince me I am crazy or tell me I’m not. Regardless give me some ideas on how to test if there is someone in the attic. I have never been in the attic, I tried to open it once.... I had a step ladder and I could not get enough leverage to lift it up, it seemed stuck so I just put the box in my extra bedroom. I investigated the attic entrance last night and noticed 3 scuff marks on the wall, a finger print on the door below the attic entrance (There was also a fair amount of dust that had dropped from the attic entrance onto the door that is where the fingerprints were. I have never noticed anything out or place or food or drink missing. The only exception to this is the door knob on the door that goes out to the garage. I noticed on day that it was coming apart. I had assumed that I had simply slammed the door while leaving and broke it myself but I have no recollection of anything like that. Yesterday when I come home the door handle looked more broken. I rarely lock this door. Twice that I can think of I have heard a loud noise upstairs, when this happened I slowly found a big knife and went upstairs to look around, each time something had fallen down, a closet door once, and some boxes the other time I live alone, and work crazy hours. Often 7 AM to 10 PM and another 8 hour days on weekends (I love my job) So there is plenty of time for a person to exit and enter the house. I never did a home inspection when I purchased the property because of time constraints with a tax credit. As such since the last person moved out the attic has never be accessed.... Speaking of the previous resident. The property was a short sale..... and was being rented to someone for $100 a month. When I went on a tour of the house the house simply had a sleeping bag and some clothes in a bedroom......... I have lived here for 1.5 years. Holy shit I think my have just convinced myself, but I feel crazy calling the cops cause all of the evidence can be explained in one way or another. But there is no way in hell I am knocking on the attic door. What can I do to prove someone is in my attic? I just ordered a Wireless IP camera system but it will not be here to Tuesday. Edit: Uploaded Pictures of Attic, Door Knob, Scuff Marks, Finger Prints in dust http://imgur.com/a/6eL5h#1 Update #1 Just called the Cops, So yeah....... This is either going to make me feel like an idiot or make me freak out cause someone is living in my attic Update #2 Well this sucks. I only own a step ladder. As such the Deputies listened to my story, stood on the step ladder and could not climb into the attic....... Then they told me its probably nothing and suggested I replace the locks, reset the garage keypad entry, and put tape on the attic door or nail it shut. So...... I guess I am where I started........ but feeling more like an idiot. The deputies did appear to understand my concern that was nice. Now to tape the shit out of that door, close the door the bedroom, and build a fort of boxes in front of the door. And I guess I am borrowing a ladder from work tomorrow. Update #3 1:19 AM ----- I finally went back up stairs, taped the door, closed the door to the room where the attic entrance is, taped that door, and positioned a bunch of heavy stuff that will fall if they open it. I am not trying to trap the person in, I just want to know if they left. I also setup a USB webcam on my computer downstairs that will record to a online location if it detects movement. I also deactivated the keypad on the garage door. I am now going to my workplace, I will be returning after work, with a ladder and coworker with a handgun, and a tripod with a videocamera and a led strip to provide lighting. **Update #4 2:07 AM ----- I am now at work, in my locked office, with the door looked and the building security system on and honestly kinda still freaked out about this whole thing. I'm going to try and get some sleep......... ** ** Update #5 12:07 PM ----- I am at work right now, but since so many people are asking for an update..... I got here at work and sat in my office locked with the security system on and I was honestly still freaked out and could not sleep. I took that time to get a tripod setup with a flashlight and video camera so I can look up there without having to put myself in much danger. I am going home early today so expect the next update to be around 6 PM CST. ** ** Update #6 5:33 PM ---- Going upstairs to check this out. Update #7 6:12 PM CST (Sorry for not including this before). I headed up stairs with a ladder and camera attached to a tripod and light attached. I was honestly too embarrassed to ask a co-worker to come and help me look so I took the advice of my fellow Redditor's and I manned up. I went up stairs and used the ladder to move the hatch, and then I used the camera to look up there without having to stick my head up there. And....... There was nothing I climbed up the ladder and had to stand on the 2nd to the top rung to see over the ledge(I'm 6 foot 2 inches tall).......... And there was nothing. So end of the story is there is no one in my attic. Would I have done anything different if I could redo this entire experience? YES. I tell people all of the time to stop letting fear hold you back and cause you to be inactive. So why did I not just act? Call the cops earlier? Get a ladder sooner? Find a Camera? Do something but give in to my fear........ Thank you Reddit for your jokes, your distractions, your honest advice, and your motivational rudeness. I think in some way, shape, or form I needed all of it. As my Thank You to each one of you I promise to read each and every comment and take them to heart, but even more so I promise to be a man of action, not inaction. Video: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mo26nWVMfiU&feature=youtu.be
Years back I used to visit a website where people would occasionally post little small fiction pieces. Short stories, or poetry or even songs, even though that wasn't the purpose of the site. This one kid of seventeen would post these comedy zombie stories, and while the melodramatic horseshit posted by prominent users would have endless comments of adulation and love, this kids stories went unnoticed except by me. I would always post a little comment to let him know someone appreciated it. Others started commenting in time, but he would always send me a PM letting me know he posted one, and thanks for reading when no one else did. In time I began to get busy with life. I found a job I hated but paid exceptionally well. More I worked, more I earned. I also met my now wife. I stopped commenting. I still got the PMs, but generally either ignored them, or replied with a thanks for letting me know. Read the ones I missed soon. One day I log on to the site after about a two week absence. In my inbox is a message from the kid that's unusually plaintive. Asking if please could I please read the latest story, as it might be his last and he'd appreciate the feedback, and if he didn't see me, thanks for reading it meant a lot to him. I ignored it, and didn't log back on for another good while. Eventually I log in one weekend, and think fuck it, ill read and stop being a dick. So I read them all and enjoy them immensely (they were genuinely good). So I PM the kid, letting them know how good they are, and keep writing. I don't hear back. Couple days go by, and I see someone he spoke to on the site chatroom and ask if anyone's seen the kid. There's one of those chatroom pauses where it goes from lines and lines of new text to stop. I get a private chat pop up with a Link to a post. I read through and its a post by the kids mum on his account saying he passed away a few days ago in his sleep after succumbing to cancer. I suddenly remember a while back he posted saying that his cancer had returned, but he was doing okay, but at that point he hadn't posted any stories, and he was just another username to me. I felt shit. I still feel shit. I still don't watch zombie things because it reminds me of how if I'd have spared an hour I'd have probably made one of that kids last days.
EDIT For those who don't know what happened to the Tonight Show in 2010: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2010_Tonight_Show_conflict . Most common boycotts in this thread (in no particular order): Jay Leno, for the original Leno/Letterman fiasco and for not being funny in the first place Chris Brown, for being a woman beater and having fans who are okay with him being a woman beater Michael Vick (as well as the Eagles and the NFL), for his involvement in a dogfighting ring Roman Polanski, for his sexual abuse of a 13 year old Woody Allen, for marrying girlfriend Mia Farrow's adopted daughter (like his stepdaughter sort of) BP (British Petroleum) gas stations, for their handling of the Gulf of Mexico oil spill Exxon, for the Exxon Valdez oil spill in 1989 Shell Oil, for their support of apartheid in South Africa The Salvation Army, for homophobic business practices and discrimination Chick-Fil-A, for supporting homophobic institutions Coca-Cola, for unethical business practices overseas and for messing with the original formula KFC, for their treatment of chickens McDonald's (and other fast food joints, but mostly McDonald's), for knowingly serving unhealthy food Nestle, for aggressively campaigning their baby formula in poor countries resulting in increased infant deaths Papa John's (and others, but mostly Papa John's), for bad service and firing staff after Obama's re-election Starbucks, for overpriced coffee Blue M&Ms, for being the inferior choice during a contest poll to choose a new color Apple, for shoddy quality, overseas sweatshops, and being trendy/overpriced Best Buy, for general incompetence EA Games and Activision, for regularly screwing their customers Facebook, for data farming GoDaddy, for their SOPA support and sexist advertising Gamespot, for firing an editor who gave a mediocre score to a game made by major advertiser Eidos Gamestop, for badgering customers with aggressive sales tactics Paypal, for treating customers unfairly and blocking funding to Wikileaks Sony, for frequent attempts to screw the customer with DRM over the years Walmart, for treating staff poorly and driving local stores out of business Nike, for using sweatshops Volkswagen, for their origins in Nazi Germany Buses in Alabama, for their treatment of Rosa Parks (I think this one is a joke, but it's a popular one) Kellogg's, for dropping sponsorship of olympic champion Michael Phelps after he smoked some pot Metallica, for suing Napster Titanic (the movie), for being overly popular and unleashing a horrible song upon the masses Major League Baseball, for striking in the 90's to get more millions of dollars on top of their millions of dollars
Title pretty much says it all. My mom slipped and it looks like her ankle is broken. I got there to help, pulled my car into his driveway to back it up next to her on the street, and he came out and yelled at us. My mom told him that I'm her son and she called me to help, and he just kept yelling about how he saw us from his roof(?) and wondering what I was doing using his driveway. After that, we just decided to ignore him, since we had bigger problems to deal with. But, in my mind, I was just thinking "Why does it matter who I am or why I pulled into your driveway? You can see her on the ground, you can hear her screaming in pain, does it really matter right now? What the fuck is wrong with you?" If anyone's actually interested, I'll update when I know anything more, but she's just at the ER right now with my dad, I expect she'll just come back with a cast on her ankle, nothing too out of the ordinary. Any interesting stories from reddit about people being just downright idiots about things that don't matter? Edit: My mom just called me telling me to go take a picture of the ice patch she slipped on. I think he's gonna be paying Edit 2: Her ankle was broken in 3 places, and she's going into surgery. She won't be home today, unfortunately. Edit 3: I never said she was going to sue, I am inferring that. Don't freak out about it, if she does sue, I'll let you know Edit 4: Since I just got back from classes and stopping at the hospital to see my mom (she'll be fine, btw) I can finally show you pictures of the sidewalk. Yes, it was actually more watery than icy. And, remember, these pictures are taken at extreme angles so that the sky reflects off of the sidewalk. From a normal, walking point of view, it just looks like darkened sidewalk that just had snow shoveled off of it. http://imgur.com/a/VZRH2 Edit 5: just to make it a little more personal, http://imgur.com/BwgNc she got out of surgery and will be home today. She had a plate and some screws put it, and will have a cast on for at least 6 weeks, after which I expect a brace for some months, all of which will be without her driving.
I was in the car with my grandma on a large four lane road in town. A car next to us side swiped us, pretty hard actually, so we pulled over to do the whole information exchange thing. The woman in the other car leaps out and starts screaming at my grandma saying, "you are the rudest person I've ever seen! You wouldn't let me over! I had my blinker on!" I was completely taken aback. My grandma is the sweetest old lady and had either of us actually SEEN her blinker I know gram would let her over. But there was heavy traffic and her car was directly beside us! I dealt with the beast in the Camry and got her insurance. She ended by saying, "this isn't my fault that woman should let people over." I laughed, which took her aback. I said, "You're 100% at fault here. And by the way, a blinker is NOT a yield sign even if we had seen it. Learn how to drive before you hurt or kill someone." Then we left. I was pretty happy when gram told me her insurance had accepted liability and the agent told her something to the effect of "yes she yells at us too."
Passengers on a plane are waiting for the flight to leave. The entrance opens, and two men walk up the aisle, dressed in pilot uniforms. Both are wearing dark glasses. One is using a seeing-eye dog, and the other is tapping his way up the aisle with a cane. Nervous laughter spreads through the cabin, but the men enter the cockpit, the door closes, and the engines start. The passengers begin glancing nervously, searching for some sign that this is just a little practical joke. None is forthcoming. The plane moves faster and faster down the runway, and people at the windows realize that they're headed straight for the water at the edge of the airport. As it begins to look as though the plane will never take off, that it will plow into the water, screams of panic fill the cabin. But at that moment, the plane lifts smoothly into the air. Up in the cockpit, the co-pilot turns to the pilot and says, "You know, Bob, one of these days, they're going to scream too late, and we're all gonna die." EDIT: I'm supposed to say something about the front page now
There have been a lot of posts from folks who got tired of a day job and decided to go into business for themselves. Let's hear your stories and any reflections or advice you might have after going through the process. Edit: Well this got a lot bigger than expected. I know I'm reading everything that gets posted here, even what you'd expect would be buried, and I bet a lot of other people who are considering going into business for themselves are as well. Thank you all for the excellent posts, keep them coming! Edit 2: A few folks have posted some good resources for anyone who might want to start a start-up. I'll repost them here for anyone who might not be doing what I'm doing and reading every comment. Resources: How to start a startup - Udacity thanks Eljefe900! "Do Travel Writers go to Hell" By Thomas Kohnstamm recommended by castlebravo7 "The E-Myth Revisited" by Michael Berger (4.3/5 on Amazon). (thanks rawlbot!!) "Major Attributes of Leadership" by Napoleon Hill, "Good to Great" and "Built to Last" by Jim Collins (thanks pixelcrak!) "Quitter" by Jon Acuff (thanks zionlaw!!) 5by5 Quit! Podcast thanks black107!! Previous, related thread I'm a bad OP and forgot who gets the shoutout for this one :-/ Crossing the Chasm: Marketing and Selling Disruptive Products to Mainstream Customers The Accidental Salesperson Alexander Osterwalder Amazon page A lot of excellent books on business model development and other useful topics.
Here's the story, and we're collecting info on our website, too. Sesame Street debuted 42 years ago today. But like most other TV shows, we had a test pilot. We created it in the summer of 1969, just a few months before the first episode aired. The actor who played Gordon on the show, pictured on the above-linked page (or if you that page goes down, here's an imgur link, was replaced by an actor named Matt Robinson (who, by the way, is Holly Robinson Peete's father). Two years ago, we put together a huge anthology of our then-40 year history... and realized that we do not know who played Gordon in the test pilot. We've asked everyone we could think of -- actors, actresses, and puppeteers who have been on the show since its inception; Sesame Workshop's founder, Joan Ganz Cooney; and of course, dug through seemingly endless boxes of documents and photos. Any clue would be great, even if it's seemingly esoteric or mundane. You can email it to us at wheresgordon@sesame.org, drop me a message here, or if it doesn't involve someone's personal info, leave it in a comment. Oh, and one other thing: Here's a clip of our mystery Gordon from that test pilot. And yes, Bert and Ernie look a little different than they do nowadays, but then again, Oscar used to be orange. EDIT/UPDATE (9 hours after posting): Right now, we have a lot of potential leads but nothing solid -- basically, it's mostly "this looks like _____" speculation. I'll update this again tomorrow morning ET. EDIT 10 AM ET 11/11/11: Nothing solid yet -- still all speculation. Lots of leads to try, though. Keep ideas coming via email! EDIT 12/9/2011: FOUND!
I definitely would. Right now I find I'm constantly defending myself when people ask why I download all my shows. I personally do it for the convenience of being able to watch them at my leisure. As a consumer, I would happily download a torrent straight from the broadcasting company's site since I know it would be coming from a good source, that it would be high quality and would be helping them pay their bills. Advertisements make the entertainment industry go round, I'm not oblivious to that. I'll happily be pitched to if the companies are willing to meet me and my lifestyle halfway. Chances are, if I'm vegged out on a couch watching a show, most of the time I'm not even going to fastforward through the commercials either. They simply just aren't a big deal to me. The question is, would everybody else download torrents with ads in them for "the good of it" when there would inevitably be alternative options WITHOUT ads? EDIT: For what it's worth, I am in Canada too. With Bell I pay $55 for 65 GB. I'm not sure how that ranks against American downloaders, but it's not the only way Canadians get the raw end of the deal with major broadcasting companies. Most of the streaming sites aren't available in Canada, not Hulu, not NBC, etc. If a Canadian wants to stream a show legitimately they'll have to do so through a Canadian syndicate (like Global TV, in a lot of cases). The stupidity doesn't stop there, though. I, getting excited for the TV season, tried to watch a preview of NBC's Fall lineup from NBC.com but couldn't because I was geographically restricted. How counterintuitive is that? As I said above, they just have to meet viewers halfway...
grandfather picked me up and took me to the mall to get clothes. he waited outside while i went in and got stuff myself. i was extremely agoraphobic. i had a very strong sense of unease at all the people flowing so freely in movement around me. i went to best buy and bought a sony discman that could play mp3's off of cd's (theyd come out since id went in - no ipods or ipod money yet) and picked up my collection of mp3 discs from a friend. had him drop me off at the bus station that evening, got on a bus for 30 hours and left that part of the country forever. too easy to get back into dope if i went back home. started college about 7 days later, graduated 3 years later (aa and an as, nothing 4 year.) been married since 07, started my own business in 08, became a dad to a beautiful little boy in 2010 and i finished 8 years of parole recently with no violations. im a free man now (for reals - you see a lot of these folks talking about just getting out, but theyre still being supervised) and i just applied for my passport. i think id like to travel somewhere outside the US. edit: everyones kind words are greatly appreciated. life has never been better, so glad to be here.
Today is my niece's birthday and she just went to college so I thought I'd get her a laptop for her birthday. Now, I am a student myself but I still want to give her something special. So I searched for a great used laptop , and I found a decent Toshiba Satellite. I sold my PSP and some other things so I can afford it. So there we were at the dinner table opening presents. She opened mine and has this grim look at her face. "This is it? I thought you'd buy me a brand new one" "You know I can't afford it. It's the best I can do." "I want a brand new one, not this. This sucks! Worst present ever!" She then shoved the laptop and box across the table and fell down the floor. I picked it up, and walked out. My cousin tried to stop me, I just said "I would never give her anything again." She even had the nerve to call back and asked for the laptop. Apparently her parents punished her for her behavior and she will now have to buy her own things. No hand-outs or gifts. My friend bought it as a favor. He helped me pick it out, and knows how much I bought for it. The profit was only $10(roughly) What's the most ungrateful thing you see someone do? UPDATE: Niece called this morning, asking for the laptop, because she will need it for college and her parents told her she will never be handed-out stuff while she is in college. No apology yet, only demands. Her brother said I would cave and give it to her. Fuck no, and fuck you niece.
A couple years ago a friend and I were driving across the country in a big moving truck full of my moms furniture. We had been on the road for about 18 hours on the 2nd to last day of the trip and stopped at a rest stop to stretch our legs and use the bathroom. Sitting at the rest stop late at night was an entire family, mom, dad & 2 young kids and their car which was obviously broken or otherwise not working. Feeling like I should try and help I asked the father what was wrong and he told me they had run out of gas and just needed to get to the next town which was about 40 miles away. I couldn't leave the rest stop with that family stranded so my friend and I got back in the truck and drove the 40ish miles to the next town, bought gas & a can and drove all the way back in our huge moving truck. The whole trip back and forth took us about an hour and a half and by the time we got back to the rest stop we were both about to pass out. Well, the family was still there waiting and I hopped out to give them the gas they needed so badly. I handed the can to the father and he looked at me and said "I would rather have the money". This caught me off guard as money wouldn't help them get anywhere but it was then that it dawned on me that he never wanted gas to begin with and probably had some in the car. He was just fishing for cash and using his kids as the bait. I felt really bad for the mom as she was just looking at me the whole time with this expression of "I'm so so sorry". I was at a loss for words since the dad didn't even want the gas we had just drivin for over an hour to get for them. I just set the gas can on the ground, got bak in the truck and left feeling like a giant idiot.
I used to hitchhike quite a bit so when I finally got a car I was always happy to pick up other hitchhikers. For five years I drove through a canyon in the mountains to get to work and back. Over a two year span of driving that canyon I picked up four different hitchhikers who all shared the same name - Mike. Every time I picked up a new Mike I would have a little laugh at the coincidence. The first Mike was just a normal kid who wasn't old enough to drive; the second Mike was a motivational speaker whose car had a flat tire and I drove him to a speaking engagement; the third Mike was leaving a concert at Red Rocks Amphitheater where he had lost track of his friends, a shoe, and was really drunk and having just moved here had no idea where he was; the fourth Mike was a homeless guy who just wanted a ride to the train station. I picked up one of these Mikes in each of the four towns along this canyon: Morrison, Idledale, Kittredge, and Evergreen. I was telling the story to some friends over dinner when someone nonchalantly said, "Oh, you mean the Mike Canyon?" It immediately struck me that the first letter of each town headed up the hill spelled the name MIKE. It freaked me the fuck out and for weeks I was almost convinced that there was some mystical meaning behind the whole thing. A friend of mine convinced me it was just the "improbable actualizing." Haven't seen a hitchhiker since.
Yes, a hundred fucking times yes. My son was born on a Friday and my wife began (what ended up being her last set) chemo therapy on Monday. For 5 weeks my son was in NICU in Galveston and my wife was getting treatmens at MD Anderson. I recieved ZERO time off for paternity leave, was reprimanded several times for punctuality, and had to use up every fucking second of time I had saved up - both sick time and vacation time. To the point that I have just now started to stack up vacation time, 4 years later. Since I had to use all of my time in the first weeks of my son's life, I had no extra time for all of the Dr visits that both he and my late wife needed. She passed away when he was 6 months old and I became a single father, with absolutely no time off saved. I was almost fired for my attendance issues, in fact the day that I turned in my two week notice I was written up again. Now my son's health is fine and I have started to accrue time. By the time he is 8 we should be able to go to DisneyWorldLand.
As a former Blockbuster employee, congratulations on your free movie! Four years ago would put you in juuuuuust before they re-implemented the great big "Fuck You" of Late Fees (again) and since Autosales took anywhere from 31-90 Days (depending on whether your store was a Corporate or Franchise), you most likely dodged a bullet of $29.99 for the movie and a Bajillion bucks in restocking fees for a movie that only three people in your local area gave two damns about and the other two people have their own copy anyway. Most likely what occurred is that when the store did its Going Out of Business inventory, they counted it as a loss, shrugged their shoulders, and gave no more thought to it. Hell, the employees probably made off with more shit than you did. If, however, your account transferred over to another store in your area and Loss Prevention ever decided to pursue the matter of a lost copy of The Blues Brothers, you'll be getting a letter/phone call/knock on the door/horse's severed head in your bed from a Collections department in Bangladesh wanting their $4.99 +applicable state and local taxes and an apology written in the blood of your first-born child.
orig link http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/117wwr/my_dad_abandoned_me_when_i_was_2_and_now_wants_to/ I wrote a message, is this okay to send? I decided I don't want to come off as bitter or angry. But I don't want him to still have hope of some kind of hallmark movie ending either. Dear Jack, I am 24 years old. I am not the little boy who cried when you left. I am a man, with a son and daughter of my own. I've never spent more than a weekend away from them. I am a father and a damned good one. I don't need you anymore. Once, I needed you. When my mom died, I really could have used a dad. I could have used anybody. When she died, there wasn't even anybody there. No one cared about us. I spent three days in that apartment, eating toast and just waiting for her to wake up. And then they called you. Because you were my dad. You were twenty three, young, but not so young really. If you had came and gotten me, you would have had a son. I would have loved you forever. But you didn't. So I went to a bunch of people who didn't love me, but liked the check they got with me. It didn't make them treat me well. I have burn marks on my arm and I still can't spend time in closed in dark spaces after being shut in closets. An afternoon is a long time when you can't count. I didn't count on anybody. I used to pray, the way mom did with me when I was little. But after praying for someone to come and rescue me, long enough, hiding under my bed and praying that my foster dad wouldn't come in and would leave me alone for just one night. Just one night. I stopped believing in most things. I lived in seven different homes from 4-16. And even the decent ones, I was never family. I didn't have real birthdays or christmases. I wasn't allowed to go in the fridge and just get food when I Was hungry. When I was 16 me and my foster dad got in a fight over a ham sandwich. "Boy, what are you doing in our things?". And so, I left. Sixteen, with nobody to call, and 40 bucks. I just walked away with a backpack. Anything could've happened to me. But I made it. I'm a man now. And I don't need you. I don't want you to feel bad. I just want you to know why I can't be your son. I'm 24 and have never been any one's son. I don't know how. And I just don't have it in me. Jackson
This is a great question. I'm not a scientist, but I am a musician, so I can provide a partial answer. Our current system of harmony is based on the overtone series. Almost every instrument that produces a pitch (guitar string, piano string, organ pipe, the human voice) produces a pitch that is really a combination of many pitches. Pitch is in fact just a measure of vibration. As any physicist will tell you, this vibrating body (stop being sexy dammit!) will produce overtones, or additional pitches, at mathematical intervals above the lowest pitch, or what we call the fundamental. You can isolate these partials by playing a 'harmonic' on the guitar or any other string. The easiest one to produced is done so by lightly placing a finger on the string exactly halfway along the length of the string (right above the 12th fret of the guitar). This produces the partial exactly one octave above the fundamental. Here's the thing. The pitches produced get weaker as they get higher up. The strongest is an octave above the fundamental. Then the fifth above that note. Than another octave above the fundamental. Then a note that is almost a major third above that note (it's actually a little sharp. Long explanation involving equal temperament). Now we have a major chord! You can hear this every time you hear a pitch (with the exception of certain synthesizers that don't produce the harmonic series).
Or you could say, September 28th, 1944, because I've seen films and photos from the war that were still dated on United States time (a day behind) as we fought on the other side of the world. So, the true dates we were on Ngesebus was the 28th and 29th of September. See, we made another amphibious assualt from Peleliu to Ngesebus to neutralize that island, as well. After we handed off the rest of the island to the army, there was a film crew right on the beach filming us getting into the amtracs, on our way back to more fighting on Peleliu. When Seymour Levy and I saw the film crew, we broke rank for about a minute and started cutting up for the camera. The dance? It was called "Truckin'" in those days. It was probably the last "fun" moment we had before losing it all forever. I think the film exists because someone claims to have seen it a long time ago. At any rate, the film would be worth a lot to me, to see myself again at 20 years old with a very good pal of mine. I've looked at the Critical Past and various other internets, but I have not found it. Help if you can. I understand there is nothing quite like reddits for a lot of knowledge. , Sterling G Mace P.S. - Since some people have doubted who I am (I understand), here are photos of me done for reddits: http://imgur.com/a/iMsxi , Mace
I'm calling it r/explainlikeimfive. This would be a friendly place to ask questions, when Google and Wikipedia still don't make it clear. A place to ask questions that some people might find obvious -- and to do so without fear of being downvoted, made fun of, or ignored. While r/askreddit sometimes has submissions like this, the VAST majority of the subs there are more in the vein of asking for advice like this one or questions that are rhetorical in nature like this one. I want a place specifically for asking the community questions about current events or other topics you'd usually be afraid to ask. A great example of a question here would be: "Can someone explain the deal with the debt ceiling?" A lot of us may have heard a lot about it in recent news, and despite being fairly well-educated, might not really understand the basic concept. Here's a place to get an answer -- OR, show off your knowledge! The number one rule here would be simple: Respect. As a submitter (asker), you need to respect the subreddit by being honest and asking good questions. While there are no "dumb" questions here, please don't waste the space by asking questions that are clearly rhetorical in nature. As a replier (answerer), please remember that no matter how simple the question may seem to YOU, the spirit of this subreddit is for people to come here without fear of being condescended to (despite the catchy name of the subreddit.) All parties should politely contribute to the discussion. All science-related questions would be kindly directed to the awesome folks at r/askscience (from whom I got the inspiration for this idea.) I really think this could be a great place that would enrich our conversations on Reddit as a whole -- and, possibly even our own personal lives as well. This can be an opportunity to really expand your knowledge so that you can have more enriching discussions with the people in your life. That's the whole idea behind r/explainlikeimfive. I'd love to hear feedback, thoughts, and suggestions -- and of course if anyone would like to help me moderate, that would be awesome. Thanks for checking it out! EDIT Wow, thanks for the great response! I'm grateful for all the terrific feedback, and the couple of folks who've offered to help moderate -- we'll need you! ModMail me over at the new subreddit to let me know if you're interested. As per your suggestions, I'll be adding a couple more rules for the sub: No Politics in your answers. DISCUSSION of politics is fine, but the blatant advancement of your political agenda (whatever it may be) is not for r/explainlikeimfive. Any such posts will be STRICTLY filtered. Take it to r/politics, please. No bias. Like the above, there's no real place for this here. This includes religious bias, gender bias, or any other kind of personal bias that detracts from the sole purpose of this subreddit - to spread basic knowledge. These responses will be filtered also. Please, no blatant speculation. It's okay not to be the world's foremost expert on a subject, but please, if you have absolutely no knowledge on the question at hand, please don't guess. The above rules will apply to question-askers, too! Submissions should be tagged something in the subreddit such as (LI5), so we'll know exactly what kind of post we're looking at. I'll be adding more of your suggestions as they roll in. In the meantime, if you do think this is a good idea, please subscribe and maybe fire off a submission if you feel so inclined. Thanks again!
Even when I was 12 and would play out in the woods with my friends he would have me "check in" in person by Sunset. When I did he would always let me keep playing for another hour or two. Later on when I started driving and hanging out with friends he would have me call in by Midnight. I would always hit the phone 15 minutes early (so I could have time to be home by midnight if he didn't answer) and he'd always extend my curfew to 2am. "Just playing Megaman at Bill's, mind if I hang out a little longer?" "Thanks for calling in, be home by 2, no later and don't expect another extension." "No problem" Now that I'm in my 30s I can not possibly be late to an appointment, and when circumstances arise where I'm going to be late I have to call well ahead to let everyone know I'm running late. Its almost a compulsion, but its a trait that has made me extremely reliable in my job and personal life. I totally blame my dad. His rules were very relaxed and he wasn't strict, but when he said he expected me to be home or check in with him by a specific time, he damn well meant it, and every time I did I was rewarded with equal respect. "Ok you got a thing going on, thanks for checking in, finish your thing and then come home." The mutual respect made it work, it made me want to follow his rules. What things have your parents done that have proven to make you a much person later in life?
So I moved to the U.S a few days ago. We were originally supposed to go from Dublin to London, then on to LA where we'd spend two days seeing some sights then head on to Austin, Texas. Our flight from Dublin to London was delayed and we ended up missing our connection. After standing in line in London for about 6 or 7 hours we were put on a flight to Paris leaving the next day and then went on to LA. Our bags were never returned to us and we were told we'd get them in LA. When we arrived in LA we were told they were missing. With the delay we then ended up having to fly out to Austin (our final destination) a few hours later and couldn't do much about it. Finally after 4 days in Austin our bags were finally found and sent to Austin airport. When we arrived to collect them we noticed there was a huge hole in the side of one of them, the one which held our camera equipment. We checked it immediately but everything was gone. The guys at the baggage desk told us it was most likely the TSA who were responsible. We've tried contacting the airlines, but so far we are just being bounced around by all of them because of all of the different airlines we flew with because of all the connections we were on (Aer Lingus, British Airways, Air France and United, plus American Airlines who delivered the bags). We're also trying to get in touch with our insurance company in Ireland but we haven't had any luck with that yet. Even if they do let us make a claim theres no way they'll come close to covering the replacement costs. The biggest problem though is that we are in the U.S on 1 year work visas which require us to get a job asap. Every day without our equipment is a day we can't work. We can't afford to replace it and we just don't know what to do. Is there anything we can do to make this process go faster? Do we have any chance of recovering our stuff? Has anyone else been through this and can offer some advice? Do any redditors who work in the airline industry or with the TSA have any suggestions? Any ideas or suggestions at all would be a huge help. I know it Halloween so I'm not expecting a huge response but we're just really worried since we put all of our savings into this trip and getting ready for it and its turning into a disaster. We just don't know what to do.
Sorry to hear, but a few things to note: The statute of limitations, the time you are allowed to sue, in the US for airline claims can be as little as 1 year. Usually these are 2 years, but don't wait to find out. This is due to international agreements, the Warsaw Convention (1929), and Montreal (1999). They severely limit what you can do. International travel vs US internal travel rules differ, and it doesn't matter which leg you are on; if any leg of the trip is international, the whole thing is counted as international. Make a written complaint to all the airlines involved IMMEDIATELY. It may already be too late. Seriously, call and complain right now, then write and mail the letter. The airline liability limit will be about $1700 per bag. I believe the final airline who had the bag is the one on the hook, unless it can be proven to have happened elsewhere. Don't bother to sue for anything over that, because you will lose. The airline will almost certainly send a representative and get the suit kicked because of Montreal. Did you have travel insurance? You might be able to make a claim against that, or any homeowner/renter insurance if you have back in Ireland.
Original Post Comment Or do you not read as much now, as when you were younger? EDIT ONE My comment got kind of buried, so here it is. I read a ton on my iPad. Mostly Sci-Fi stuff. I just read A Soldiers Duty which was very good. Wool - Omnibus Edditon was probably one the sickest books I've read in a very long time. Both are available in the Kindle and iTunes stores EDIT TWO What book would you recommend? I'm always looking for new books to read. EDIT THREE My all time favorite book is Illusions: The Adventures of a Reluctant Messiah, by Richard Bach. 417 of 538 reviews on Amazon.com are 5 stars. Followed closely by Replay, by Ken Grimwood. Also very highly rated. EDIT FOUR Holy shit, I have A LOT more reading to do now. Thanks everyone for commenting! I've tried to reply to many, but my inbox has been maxed for hours! EDIT FIVE If you haven't been to r/books, check it out. I'm going to go through all of these comments sometime soon and put together a list of all that was recommended to me, and others. I'll post it over in r/books once I'm done!
He has been suspended until the school decides what to do with him. Thank you for your support and emails, but THERE IS NO NEED FOR ANYONE TO EMAIL THE SCHOOL ANY FURTHER!!!! The matter is being taken seriously now, and everything can move a lot quicker if the school isn't being flooded with email and concern. I promise you, action has been taken. Thank you! I am not asking for therapy, but help in gaining momentum. Since the beginning of the school year, I have been harassed both in-person and online by the school's "bully". It is hard to use the word because almost everyone knows and loves him. I tried not to let it get to me, until it escalated. "Go kill yourself. No one would care if you died. Why aren't you dead yet?" This was said to me multiple times online, and in the middle of class. As a teenager dealing with depression and suicidal thoughts, I could not laugh this off. I went straight to the office and demanded to see a vice principal. I was sobbing uncontrollably and visibly a danger to myself, but they just sat me down and had me fill out a form. I called my Dad, who cancelled his flight out-of-town to come be with me. He was furious that he was not called in a situation like this. We had a conference with the vice principal, and we were told there would be consequences if it happened again. It has been months. Multiple people have gone to the office with complaints about his bullying, and absolutely nothing has been done. Not so much as a detention. He is now attacking the leader of our school's GSA, members, and myself through twitter. Curiosity got the best of me, and I decided that I needed to go through his history to get hard evidence. Here are a few gems I found- some submitted by other people. There are actually over 20 screen shots. "Life has its ups, and you have the Downs. Please do us a favor, and fucking drown" -- A poem dedicated to Sarah. "I have AP Lit in the morning. Sarah, if you say a single word, you are getting choked" (I am the only person in the class who will participate in discussions without being forced). "I was to roofie Sarah" "Sarah has a boyfriend and I'm still single? Time to die" "Sarah for biggest slut. Go die" It is hard enough for me to want to be on this planet, and people are taking time out of their day to wish that I would die. I think this has passed what the school can do. They lost my faith when they didn't help everyone else who begged for some sort of relief after me. I live in Anne Arundel County. How can I get my story (and the others') out there so that we can see some real change before it is too late? TL;DR: The bullying isn't worthy of school attention unless I die. Edit: It's not just me. I have screen shots of him saying things about a TON of people who I am sure have no idea it exists. Going to bed for tonight! I will NOT let him stress me out to the point where I miss class. The other girl involved talked to people at PFLAG tonight, and they suggested board of ed. I might show her this page later. Thank you everyone, and I will be back reading your suggestions and updating you on my progress on this yet-to-be-named operation. Edit 1: Front page? It was amazing to wake up to all this support! I'm on my way to a meeting with two other girls who feel equally trapped in this situation. We will have our proof with us, and we are demanding to speak to someone. I will let you know how it goes! Edit 2: HOLY S%&^ YOU GUYS! I get off my bus this morning, and I see an unusual amount of cops around the school. I find the group who was going with me into the office, and we sat in guidance, waiting for the counselor to see us all (There were about six of us). Next thing I know, someone asks me if I'm Sarah. They had been looking for this "Sarah" all morning, and had even called down another girl by the same name. I get taken into one of the counselor's rooms, and a BOOK of these comments is placed in front of me. She tells me that she has gotten a ton of emails, and that the page has been forwarded to several teachers and the principal. I was shocked. Thankfully, she was not upset about the emails, though some of them were a little nasty. I learn that my Principal has been up all night trying to deal with all of the emails she has been getting. Though she seemed a little mad at first, we quickly settled everything. I was taken into a room with the principal, the counselor, and an administrator to share my story again. I printed off every tweet and the cops collected any threatening ones. They might be able to do something about it, which is amazing, because I wasn't expecting it at all. I'm still shocked that many of the school officials were just now learning about this kid, but I know now that they know: every body knows. Nothing can happen immediately, but the process is starting and consequences will happen. I am slightly scared about the possible backlash, but I feel amazing knowing that even if people dislike me for it, I stood up for my own safety. I have a ton of support- both from you guys and my friends. Thank you everyone who sent an email (they kept mentioning some guy from Montana). There is no need anymore to contact the school or the county about this issue. I will be checking in every morning with the counselor, and she will give me a pass to see her if I ever feel like I'm being harassed over the next few days. You guys made this all happen overnight and sped up the process ten-fold! I don't think I can say thank you enough for helping me, and everyone else, finally deal with the school cyber bully. I love you, Reddit!!!
This is a story about my father. I'm awakened by my mom around 1:30 am. "Get up, there's a fire, we have to go outside." she says. I'm freaking out but I don't smell smoke. I assemble outside with my mother and younger brother and sister. Down the street a townhouse in the same row as ours is engulfed in flames. I don't see my father around so I ask my mom. "He went to see if he could help." she says. I can hear the nervousness in her voice, my father is known to be rather bold. The story as it was told to me as an adult goes like this: My father arrives after the fire department and learns that a man is alive inside, possibly lost. The FD won't go in after the man because they do not feel that it is safe yet. My dad is like, "Fuck that." and (clad in only his long-johns) breaks a window and enters the home. He finds the man at the top of the stairs, badly burned and unable to walk. He carries the man down the stairs and out the front door. The firemen treat my dad briefly for smoke inhalation and the cops take a statement. The man he carried from the house died after a week in the hospital, but his family was grateful that he had a chance to say goodbye. The county awarded my dad a plaque and Comcast gave us free cable for a year. He never talks about it and it was so long ago that no one he knows is aware that it ever happened.
Hi everybody, I know you're all getting tired of the modposts, but I have a very important message for everyone in askreddit. Over the past few weeks, there has been a person (I'm crossing my fingers and hoping that there's only one person sick enough in the world to do this) creating new accounts and spamming child pornography in links on askreddit. To the users who have had the misfortune of clicking these links, I want to offer my sincerest apologies. It's not fair to you to be exposed to that, and it's not fucking funny. If you happen to stumble onto one of these links anywhere on reddit, please notify the mods of the subreddit and the administrators, and just be aware that this is happening (i.e. be extra careful when clicking links in askreddit.) Thanks again everyone who has been letting us know and for your patience. Once again, i'm sorry for the excessive modposts. A lot of you have been asking about laws. I can't answer them for sure, but slicklizard posted this article related to the topic. http://usnews.msnbc.msn.com/_news/2012/05/08/11602955-viewing-child-porn-on-the-web-legal-in-new-york-state-appeals-court-finds?lite. (I Promise, this isn't CP.) Also for full disclosure, we're all going completely on the honors system with this. If you see it, tell us. We're going to be shooting first and asking questions later on these kinds of links. We know that there's a problem because enough different people have let us know about it, but none of us are actually clicking these links to verify that it's CP. So please just continue to be honest with us about it. I'm sure you all can understand why we wouldn't want to make sure someone isn't lying about this kind of thing. The question was asked if the offenders were using a typical image host. No, they look like they're using uncommon hosting (the last one was imagebanana). I'm seeing a lot of blame going around to 4chan, SA, 9gag and even SRS. There's no reason right now to believe that this is anyone except one individual who needs treatment. Any accusations only serve as meaningless speculation, so let's please not demonize any of these groups. I may not have made this clear enough. Askreddit is not being inundated with child porn. You're not in any more danger today of clicking a CP link in askreddit than you were yesterday. Enjoy participating in askreddit discussions with the understanding that this is a forum open to any amount of people to post things like this. The mods and admins do care and we're doing everything we can to fix the problem.
I'm not that bad yet, but physical ailments and pains hit you more often, harder, and stay with you longer. Time was, if I hurt myself (a sprain here and there) or got sick, it was just a matter of waiting a few days to heal. Nowadays even with medical assistance. it's weeks and weeks of aches and pain before something heals. (cuts and scrapes are ok, but muscles, joints, nerves take forever). It's hard to explain, but you slowly lose the illusion of invulnerability you had in your teens and twenties. Parts of you start hurting for no discernible reason. Doctors stop trying to treat or diagnose you and just say "well you're getting to that age". Losing touch with friends as they get married, have kids, move away, build lives of their own. It gets harder and harder to just hang out. I live in NYC though, your mileage may vary in small towns. Most painful for some (and leading cause of mid-life crises) is the realization that every day your potential is shrinking. The more you live, the more you're locked into that life. One day you look at yourself and say "well, this is it. This is all I'll achieve and be this life." You can either come to terms with it in a healthy way or let it depress you, but it's a very different feeling from the sheer potential you feel when young. Sure, when you were young you knew on some level that your wildest dreams are a long shot, but they COULD happen. That hope dies bit by bit as you age.
There's been a joke floating around Reddit/the Internet for ages where the husband-to-be is asked to come over to the bride's house for a favor. The bride isn't there but the little sister is, little sister tries to seduce him, he runs outside, and the whole family is outside congratulating him on not succumbing to her temptation. The joke being that he keeps his condoms in the car and was just going to get them... Guess what? This shit HAPPENED to me today. My girlfriend calls me over to help her friend (who is definitely not unattractive and I've known quite well for some time) with some computer problem. I show up and the friend tells me the GF ran out to do some quick errands. I ask about the computer and she starts bullshitting about how it's been "running slow" or some other non-point issue. Suddenly, the friend asks if I think she is attractive. I hesitate. Not wanting to upset one of the future bridesmaids I tell her "of course, you're pretty." She then starts telling me all this shit about how she has always had her eye on me, and how nice I was, and how hot I was... I was kind of just floored. After that she fully came on to me. Went for the embrace, tried to convert to kiss. I pulled away, excused myself, and went out the door. Head count: Mom, 3 other friends, my girlfriend, and her sister are outside waiting for me. They all laugh and cheer, the girlfriend runs up and jumps in my arms like I'm some sort of hero, and the mom has tears running down her cheek. They all kept saying how glad they were I "passed the test" and how "good I was" for her, etc. I smiled a bit, was really shaken up. In the middle of all the celebration I quietly said I wasn't feeling well, and excused myself. Got in the car and drove off (small burnout, it's what the Camry could manage), and have been hitting ignore on the countless phone calls I've gotten since then. As of this post (6:13AM PST), it's been about 12 hours since the incident and I still can't place my thoughts. On one hand, I feel deeply and utterly betrayed. On the other, it's ridiculous to the point that it's funny and my girlfriend has never done anything even close to this before. Reddit, talk to me. What are your thoughts? EDIT: (6:50AM PST) Wow, the initial feedback is huge. I guess this struck a chord with many people. I e-mailed her a little note that basically said I needed "some time to think about what happened today." I haven't slept at all so I think I'm going to see if I can get a few hours in and then go from there. Thanks for all the kind words so far.
Be attractive. Don't be unattractive. (thanks earsofglitter) Don't EVER stick your dick in crazy. Masturbate before any moderate life event/decision. If you want something, you have to ask for it. Delete Facebook, get lawyer, hit the gym, join credit union. Get a fucking tongue scraper. (beefytits wanted this near the top) No one knows what the fuck they're doing Fake it 'till you make it usually works Buy quality products that you will use a lot. They are an investment. No one is keeping track of the mistakes you make. Get to know your parents before it's too late. Respect is earned, regardless of status. People are far more like you than unlike you. Start saving NOW. There are money "hacks" (r/frugal). Ignore the trolls. Learning how to cook is an incredibly valuable skill. If you bake stale tortilla chips in the oven at 300deg for 5 minutes, they'll be crispy again. You don't have to be nice, just don't be a douchebag. If she invites you up for coffee, it's not coffee. Body language makes a huge difference. Sleep in multiples of 90 minutes to not wake up tired. Spend time with people worth spending your time with. Showerbeer is amazing. Be friendly with janitors, secretaries, yard workers, etc. People remember you giving them a birthday gift when you didn't have to. AmazonPrime is free for students (free two day shipping on a lot of stuff). Use sunscreen. Don't ever talk to cops (thanks raziphel) Don't try to make grilled cheese in the toaster. (thanks stickysodagun) "Today you, tomorrow me" goes a long way. (thanks UrMomsA_ThrowAwayAct) If you loan money out to friends, don't expect to get it back. Fisting yourself in a public park is generally frowned upon. Anything can be explained like you're five. (thanks osiris32) Kill spiders with fire. Or nuke them from orbit. (thanks Volgyi2000) Peeing in the shower is amazing and saves time. Rocking back and forth while pooping is pro. (thanks jymi1313) For the love of the great spaghetti monster use the Reddit Enhancement Suite (thanks yodamaster103) Fuckin ice soap. Tip well, if you can afford it. Imagine you are the poor delivery guy. Use www.rainymood.com if you need sound to help you focus (I do for studying) Use flux to protect your eyes at night Freeze bananas and THEN put them in smoothies for maximum results Cats with a side of boobs are the ultimate karma mine Always leave a note Don't forget to bring a towel Get off the couch and make your body better. r/fitness is a great place to start If you need motivation, check out r/getmotivated - a fantastic supportive community Subscribe to r/lifeprotips Breaking Bad is perhaps the best drama I've ever seen. Great TV show. check out r/breakingbad (thanks edify) If you don't want to end up in the friend zone, you should make your intentions clear from the beginning. www.pinklab.com [NSFW] Treat yourself well. Celebrate the little victories. The "Wadsworth Constant" - skip the first 30% of a YouTube video to skip the annoying intro shit. You can actually add &wadsworth=1 to the end of a youtube url to do it auto Get AdBlock (google it for your browser) Don't be that guy. Bacon makes everything better There actually are loving an caring people in the world. Watching the news too much will usually depress you and give you an unrealistic view of the world. Fox News is biased as fuck. I don't care what your political affiliation is, its not a reliable source. Prepare for the worst, hope for the best Reddit is primarily consists of a demographic of younger college-aged males. It is NOT the end-all be-all of the viewpoints on the internet, and things often turn into circlejerks pretty fast. Floss like a boss Forgive, but do not forget. People remember compliments. It doesn't matter if you fall down, as long as you get back up. What shoes you wear says a lot about you. Wipe nut to butt. Admitting you made a mistake will earn you respect and speed up the fixing process. Having an ego solves nothing. Talk it out with your SO. Make the first move. If she cheated with you, she will cheat on you. Are you tired? Run faster! Don't be a little bitch. Do it. Right now. Never fucking buy an HDMI cable that costs more than $20 Soda is perhaps the worst value you can buy at a fast food place, and offers no nutrition. For coffee, a french press is the way to go. Seriously. Socks are lube for pants. There's always money in the banana stand. Both religious people and athiests want you to be happy. They just have different views on how to be happy. Man code: No talking while pooping. Eyes forward at the urinal. Here's another list of awesome insight from Reddit! Here (thanks Padre_Pedro) Place a clean towel on your pillow every night to help cure acne. You have two ears and one mouth. Listen twice as much as you speak. You can supress your gag reflex by squeezing your left thumb. To cool down a hot car quickly, open the passenger side door and open and close the driver side to vent the hot air out. It's easier to ask for forgiveness than to ask for permission. Asking for help is not the same as whining like a little bitch. Never go full retard. Tell people that you appreciate them. Be kind to people who work in retail and food service. Thank you cards for gifts go a long way. Measure twice, cut once. Use Dropbox It's free for 2GB! By request: Firefly and Arrested Development are fantastic TV shows. You will not be disappointed. You can find both of these shows on Netflix streaming! (AD is coming back for a fourth season on Netflix only in 2012!) When in a street fight, there are no rules. Go for their groin/eyes/neck. Whatever gets you out safely. Native American alarm clock: Drink a glass or two of water and you'll wake up just from the fact that you gotta piss. Never promise crazy a baby. Safety razors are pro. You are not alone. You are never alone. Don't ever go to Reddit for advice Thanks for a great year, Reddit! EDIT: I'm upvoting everyone who comments, because you're all awesome. EDIT2: Added the most important one to the top. EDIT3: Adding even more that I think are important. EDIT4: Front page! Thank you guys for your awesome input. I will be adding more! EDIT5: Thank you shotglassanhero for (most of) this post in image form! I will keep adding more if this stays on the front page so more people can see what you guys are adding!
In high school my girlfriend invited me over to a house she was babysitting at after the kids went to sleep. We were involved in a serious make out session on the parents bed and only partially clothed when they parents came home early. She ran into the bathroom and I jumped into the closet but I realize my pants were still across the room on the other side of the bed. Soon after she came out of the bathroom I heard them thanking her and then the father told her he would drive her home because she didn't have a car. She was terrified and didn't know what to do so she left with him. I found myself semi naked in the parents closet and alone in the house with the mom and the sleeping kids. I was terrified. The closest had the shudder type doors that you could partially see out of so I could see the mom start to get undressed and get ready for bed. It was starting to look like the beginning go a long night that was sure to end in either me being arrested or shot. When it seemed like all hope was lost she went into the bathroom and shut the door. Seeing my opportunity I leaped out of the closest, grabbed my pants and ran out the back door. To this day I don't know why I went out the back door but I did. I crawled over a six foot high block wall and landed in the neighbor's yard still clutching my pants. I had to hop several other walls before I was able to get back to my car and tear out of their like the Dukes of Hazzard.
Hey I am dad of three girls. 10, 9, and 3. My wife, and the love of my life, died giving birth to our third daughter. So far after learning a bit about hair, girls have been easier then boys. Today my second oldest daughter Catherine got her first period. I haven't had to deal with this with my oldest yet. I haven't actually seen her yet I am about to leave work to get her. She had her period in the middle of class and sounded embarrassed on the phone. She is a lot like her mother smart but fairly shy. She is certainly not going to open up to me about this. What do I do? What do I say? If you were a young girl what would you need? I know these are childish questions but maybe I am a little scared and could use any advice. Ok I wrote this in a panic. Any advice appreciated. Wish me luck EDIT::: WOW! i did not expect this level of response. i am honestly really touched. For everybody who wants to know my girl go; Sarah (10), Catherine (9, the lucky lady), and River (3). Their mother died giving birth to River. River is also blind and has slightly underdeveloped lungs, but she is also the best dancer in the family. Catherine took a nap when she got home. i took her out shopping and bought WAY too many brands of pads. we all built a cover fort and ate pizza in it. So far I might be a mess, but my girls are amazing and mature, and quite frankly i want to get older and be like Catherine. She gave more of everybody has their own time talk then me. I want to thank everybody for their advice, kind words, unwarranted compliments, and PM's. Catherine is a currently a Buddhist, I am an atheist but i let them find their own religion. I told her that i got a lot of advice from lots of nice people online. She wanted me to thank you all and wish you peace and happiness and a good nights sleep. I am obviously paraphrasing she is 9. From the bottom of my heart i would like to thank you all so much. I will continue to read and reply as i continue to be clueless.
I teach 4th grade and we learn about "taxation without representation". I used to do an activity where every student brought in 100 pennies. Over the course of a few days, students would have to pay "taxes" on things like using the pencil sharpener, worksheets, using the door, etc. After a few day, I would have a good amount of money in the "tax jar' on my desk. Well, I would empty it and then bring in donuts for myself and the other grade 4 teachers. We would all stand in the hallway in the morning eating the donuts and telling the 4th graders how tasty they were and sarcastically thank them for the donuts that were "paid for with their taxes". So, of course, the students would get really peeved. They would then write their 'declaration of independence" from the 4th grade. We would then celebrate their new freedom with a pizza party at lunch which is where the money would actually be used. I don't do this activity anymore because I had some parents that are too stupid to figure out they chipped in a buck toward a pizza party for the class that I then put in about 20 bucks in to pay for. They went to the school board accusing me of stealing from students and demanded I be fired. So, don't do that one now, but I sure miss those donuts.
When I was four or five years old, there was a girl in my class who had very few friends. My mom always told me to try to make friends with everyone at school, so one day I walked up to her and and asked her if we could be friends. I would play with her on the swings, and sit next to her during class. I remember her being very shy, but a great friend. I had so much fun playing with her, and we would make believe about swinging all the way out into outer space - we even made up a song. One day, suddenly, she stopped coming to school - our teachers told us she moved away to another state. I was sad to know I couldn't see her anymore, but I accepted that she had left. Recently, while talking nostalgically about the past, my mom was able to tell me the truth about what happened to my friend. Her name was Olivia, though we both cannot remember her last name. She attended Dallas International School, and was in the same class as me in pre-K (this must have been circa 1996-1997). I couldn't remember this, but my mom told me that Olivia always came to school in tattered clothing, looking very unkempt. My mom remembers that, when attending birthday parties, her mother would drop her off and only pick up her daughter many hours after the party had ended and all the other children had been picked up. These were little things that the other parents noticed, but that could very easily be concluded as an unfortunate financial situation where the mom worked, and therefore could not pick up her child on time. However, one morning my mom was watching the morning news, and she was shocked to find out that Olivia's mother had murdered her children/family, and then killed herself. Reddit, I know that this happened over a decade ago, but it still deeply, deeply saddens me to find out that my friend died. I tried to research her story online, but I figure there must not be very many reports from the 90's. Also, because these are only my mom's memories, we cannot remember how she killed her children, how many children she had, etc. I know this is an extremely long shot, given how little information there is to work from, but I wanted to try my best to pay my respects to Olivia after all these years. If you could help in any way to figure out what her story is, I would be incredibly grateful! ** EDIT **: Reddit, I cannot thank you enough - within fifteen minutes of posting, Olivia and her story were found thanks to jacques45 and a few other posters several moments later. You have proven to me once again that this is a truly wonderful community, and I am very grateful! I am not sure where to go from here - I feel as though I am mourning a loss many, many years after the fact - though I know I can finally rest knowing that she will never be forgotten. Once again Reddit - thank you! ** EDIT 2 **: 2 hours and this thread has reached the front page of Reddit. I am overwhelmed with emotion, and am so happy that Olivia and her story have incited such a response from this community that never ceases to amaze me. I apologize for my lack of replies - I broke down after reading her story and have sought some immediate solace in the company of very close friends who have made this easier to bear. I will get back to as many of you as I possibly can. Once again Reddit, you are all truly amazing - never forget it!
Jane Hopkins in 1997. Sorry for your loss, even/especially if you weren't aware of it at the time. University Park, TX -- Aug. 2, 1997 -- The discovery of a half dozen suicide notes and the murder weapon has convinced police in this upscale Dallas suburb that Emily Jane Hopkins slashed her children's throats and then her own. The bodies of Ms. Hopkins, 41, her 6-year-old daughter Olivia and her 9-year-old son Clayton were found July 30, by her ex-husband of five years, Clayton Elliott Jr. Elliott told police he was planning to visit the children, when he walked in on the gruesome scene and called 911. "My son has been murdered. My son has been murdered," Elliott told police dispatcher Cathy Marr. "My ex-wife and daughter are missing." Crying, he described finding his son, who he said was stabbed after a struggle. "He is not breathing. He is cold. I can't believe it," Elliott cried as the dispatcher tried to console him. The homicides are the first this year in University Park, which averages about one every three years, police Chief Bob Dixon said. "It is such a tragedy for everyone ... the family, the husband," Dixon said. "We haven't seen anything like this in a long time, if ever." The Dallas County medical examiner's office released a report ruling the deaths a double murder-suicide caused by "multiple sharp-force injuries."
That depends on how cash strapped you are. My partner and I aren't the wealthiest people on the planet but we're not struggling to pay household bills either. We have a joint account which is used to pay for all the essentials but we both have separate accounts into which we pay a small percentage of our combined incomes. Those are ours to do with as we see fit. Sure if I were to develop a gambling problem and start blowing my entire spare income on it, or worse borrowing against that income, then there'd be hell to pay. But within reason we both have the independence to do what we like with the money. For a lot of people even a small amount of independence can be incredibly important. We're both still pulling in the same direction and we both frequently use our own money to pay for things for us both, but we can do so through our own choice rather than because we fear the other person is watching. Not everyone is fortunately enough to have that luxury and often have to pool resources just to make ends meet. But if you can afford to keep even a few tens of pounds / dollars a month in a separate account then the independence can help alleviate the financial strain of completely losing your independence and ability to do even small things unilaterally.
I went on a business trip this weekend and got home at 6:25AM. I didn't want to wake her and the kids, so I sat quietly in the living room watching TV. A few minutes later I get a text from her: "Thanks for staying over babe. I love sleeping next to you." Obviously, I wasn't here last night. I'm still on the couch and haven't responded. I think she went back to sleep and has no idea she accidentally texted me. Monday: I had to go to work before confronting her. I think it was better anyway, since it gave me time to think about what to say instead of rushing to anger. I asked my assistant to go to the 7-11 next door and see if they have Shiner Bock. If they don't, I'll ask him to go as far as Publix. For science! (Edit: we didn't find any) She finally texted me at work, and said that her (girl)friend stayed over. I didn't respond. (3:00PM EST) Tuesday: I left work last night and went to dinner with one of my work partners. I didn't say a word to my wife when I came to bed. In the morning I mentioned the text after I woke up. I told her I was surprised she would use that language with a girlfriend. She broke down and admitted that she had a (platonic) girlfriend AND an (not-so platonic) ex-boyfriend over while I was away. She admitted it wasn't the first time. I calmly told her I would have to think about how I feel about the situation and let her know whether we should seperate. Thanks, reddit, you prepared me for the worst, way in advance. It's nice to get the hivemind's opinion sometimes before jumping into a rash and complicated situation, or acting brash and angry as a reaction. I really appreciate everyone's comments and help figuring out the next steps!
I will stick to the readers digest version of this story because I am at work, but here goes... So a couple years back I noticed my (then) wife started acting strangely at night. She would stay up very late (well after I was already in bed) and had her phone by her side at all times, even going to the bathroom, walking from the living room to the kitchen, etc... This obviously caught my attention because she had never behaved like this in the previous 4 years we had been married. So, I started my investigation by looking at our phone bill to see if she was texting anyone. To my horror, I found hundreds and hundreds of texts being sent to the same number every night, usually beginning around the time I would go to bed. Plus probably 15-20 picture messages per night. I cross referenced the phone number she had been texting and it was nobody that I knew, this eliminates all of her family and any close friends, as I have all of their numbers stored in my phone as well. So my next step is to try to steal her phone and read her text messages. Not easily done since she is watching her phone like a hawk, but a few days later I finally managed to get my hands on it... only to find her entire inbox is completely empty. She is deleting all of her texts throughout the day. What is she hiding? I look in the pictures to see if I can find anything scandalous, but I get the same result: all of her pics are deleted. I put the phone back and plotted my next step.
I travelled 3000 miles to Lima, Peru on a business trip. I had an official escort because that city had a little terror problem, and kidnapping of "visitors" was somewhat common. I wanted to stock up on some snacks for my hotel room so we popped into a grocery store in a random area, totally away from the "nicer" shore area. I grabbed some Skittles or what-have-you and my escort grabbed a drink and a few other things he needed. I went through the checkout first and was standing at the front window, looking out onto this street, admiring the broken bottles lining the walls to all of the house "compounds" when I see a good friend of mine from college walking down the sidewalk. I ran out and yelled his name and we both did the "what are YOU doing here?" exchange. Turned out he was also working there, but for a full year. My escort was like "man, you white people can go anywhere and make friends!" Edit: to clarify about the terror threat: this was 12-13 years ago, the Shining Path terror group was being pushed out of the cities into the jungles around that time. I believe they had made some kind of threats related to GW Bush/Americans, thus the need for an escort, instead of me taking taxis by myself or whatever. Everyday Limans were certainly doing alright for themselves.
Let's try this again... Traditionally suicides skyrocket during November and December. In 2011 they didn't, and I noticed. Then 2012 came along. And people started killing themselves. At the rate of 1 or more per week in my relatively small jurisdiction. Roommates come home to find their roommates hung, boyfriends are shooting themselves in front of girlfriends, an adult brother called the police to tell us to come get his juvenile sister, who was sleeping, after he kills himself. I've cut people down from doorways and performed chest compressions on shooting victims. When I get dispatched to a death, I can't "not click the link." I have to go. I have to go in. I have to see the result. I have to handle the body. I have to talk to the family. I have to hear the screams and hysteria. And I frequently have to bring those images home. People, especially relatively young people, are killing themselves at what I consider an alarming rate. I want it to stop. Please. If you are feeling like you want to hurt yourself reach out to r/suicidewatch. Or call 1-800-784-2433 (1-800-SUICIDE). Or call a loved one. Or reach out to Befrienders. And if you see a friend or loved one in need, give them the support you need. This is my Cake Day wish. Mods told me that like Jeopardy, my post must be in the form of a question. It's rules, as a cop I get that. My question is, what could you do today to prevent someone from killing themselves?
I have a financial planner. He's a dyed-in-the-wool PNAC militant Republican, all the more ironic considering he's an Iraqi with family ties to Chemical Ali. I watched him give a seminar once where in one breathtaking sentence he managed to tie Rosie the Riveter to Osama Bin Laden and blame the rise of Islamic terrorism to the post-war appearance of women in the workplace. I mention this not only to illustrate that his mindset is very much not my own, but to illustrate exactly how far away it is from anything I would consider "progressive." Yet he manages my money. And he manages it aggressively. When we had this come-to-jesus about philosophy he said "I'll tell you the same thing I told (a prominent liberal whose money he also manages). I don't make the laws. I just play by them. You can hate the policies as much as you want but if I leave money on the table, I'm not doing my job. What you do with it is up to you - give everything I save you to Greenpeace for all I care. But can we have an understanding that because the tax code is written for the rich by the rich, you'd be a fool not to play the game by our rules?"
The disparity and total two-facedness of Reddit has made me absolutely sick. We all know about the P-Dub asking for help thread. Everyone donated to the guy who was popular on Reddit simply because he asked people to remind him about doing his homework. We didn't know the full story of what happened with his mom, nor did we wait to see what transpired. No, we donated $7,000 as of 24hours ago because we wanted to help. 21 days ago, a woman who had similarly fallen on hard times, a Redditer for over a year (more than P-Dub, I may add), was thrown into a pit. She also reluctantly posted a Paypal link (which she later removed). She was told to stop having children, Redditers were told to be a "bit more skeptic and not just throwing money at people," and she was called a beggar. Two people came asking for help. One made off with $7,000+ dollars, one got nothing. One got praise, helpful advice, and assistance, one got insulted and called a scammer. Can we just ban e-panhandling altogether? The generosity of Reddit is amazing, but one of two things will happen if this continues: People will become jealous, because someone got superstar treatment and help from Reddit because they were a user people ejaculated over, while other users in similar or worse circumstances who contributed just as much got nothing. People are going to start preying on our generosity in order to potentially make off with some money The best thing we can do when someone has hit hard times is to give them our experience. We can offer words of wisdom as a lawyer, put people in touch with people we know that can help them, and even offer services to these people that they need at no charge. Scammers or unethical people will have no use with specialized help and advice, and the people down on their luck will be thankful for anything they can get. EDIT 1: Just got this from Shannonigans: I know this will be buried if I just post a comment, but I just hoped maybe you could put an edit in there for me. No matter how many people were mean, the kind ones meant way more, I've received several gifts in the mail from redditors. Several stuffed animals, books, and a gift card, not to mention a giftcard to kohls to help. Reddit did about 1/3 of my Christmas shopping for me and the ones that sent kind words meant just as much. Right after my girls open their gifts, there will be a follow up with words of appreciation and recognition and pictures of the Christmas that reddit helped happen. I appreciate being skeptical, but I was really telling my true story. I hold no resentment towards P-Dub at ALL. If I could help right now, I would! For now, a picture of my oldest and I with the card sent in stilesjp's care package of soaps (one of which she will NOT put down) http://img.photobucket.com/albums/v12/Shannonista/CIMG0278.jpg Thank you, reddit, and thank you eggbrain, for caring. All the love in my immediate family goes to all the love for my reddit family. EDIT 1.5: (same time as the previous edit, but wanted to separate thoughts) I'm really glad things worked out for Shannonigans. I was disgusted when I saw her called terrible names (some of which, since this posting, have been deleted.) Unfortunately, this doesn't change the fact that had there not been this topic, no one would have known about her, or any of the other unfortunate stories, some of which have been posted in this thread. I respect the right of individuals to make their own decisions as to whether or not to donate to a particular user. But I also think there is a responsibility of users to not just throw money at situations that they know almost nothing about. I think it also teaches a bad example that someone down on their luck can get an instant solution in the form of cash without working for it (Which is why I think gifts of service and people is much more helpful). Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime. Shannonigans had been working 2 jobs and was cutting down on everything in order to make things work. Was P-Dub even at the point where he had exhausted his resources?
I live in the north of Switzerland. We have a lot of old military bunkers from the Second World War. When I was 7 or 8 years old, three friends of mine and I went out to explore one of these bunkers who was built on a hill inside a small forest. The main door was jammed, so we had to break it up. We found a big log nearby and used it as a battering ram. After many tries the door won’t budge. But there was a peephole. It was about 10 cm (4 inch) in diameter. We opened it and illuminated the dark inside. There was a long, ruined and dark hallway with rooms on the left and right side. We couldn’t see the end of the hallway. It was just too long. Every one of us wanted to catch a glimpse of the inside, when one of my friends says: “There is a small light at the end of the hallway”. This light was not there when I watched trough the peephole. So I pushed him away and took a second look. What I saw gave me a shiver. There was not a small light, it looked more like a flashlight pointed directly towards me and behind it was a silhouette of a person. I walked a few steps back and said: “There is someone in there!” At the same moment someone (or something) knocked on the door from the inside of the bunker. This was the moment we got into panic, start screaming and run away. I was so scared I run straight home and locked the door. On the next day in school, my friends and I talked about the event. We came to the explanation that probably some older Kids have played a prank on us. One week later we went to the same bunker again. But as we saw, the welded connection, that should keep the door locked, where rusty and not broken, we just left without saying a word to each other. It was impossible someone opened this door before us, and this was the only entrance. I still life in the same region. But since then I have never visited the bunker again.
When I was a kid we would take long family road trips to Ohio to visit my grandparents. I absolutely loved these trips - my grandparents had all sorts of cool stuff in the house, two big apple trees in the front yard, and they lived next to a train track. My grandpa also loved Golden Grahams. Every time my brothers and I would visit, he would open his cupboard to reveals four or five boxes of Golden Grahams, explaining how much he loved them and that he got some extra boxes just because we were visiting. I always thought it was so cool that my grandpa - who was, you know, old - had the same favorite cereal as me. I would always feast on cereal every time we went to visit. Of course, years after he died, I was relating this story to someone and the obvious dawned on me. Later I asked my mother if grandpa even liked Golden Grahams, and she got this big smile on her face, looked a little sad, and said "No... but he knew you did." Broke my heart. Still the story I tell when I remember him.
The creepy case of the letters. Circleville is a small city in Ohio that has a population of over 13,000. Its biggest event is the annual Circleville Pumpkin Show. It is also the home of a mysterious letter writer known as the Circleville Letter Writer. Starting in 1976 residents of Circleville began receiving mysterious, vindictive letters. Thousands of letters, written in block letters were sent to city officials and even normal citizens. One recipient of the letters was school bus driver Mary Gillespie. She received letters accusing her of having an extra-martial affair with a school official. On August 19, 1977 Mary’s husband Ron Gillispie received a phone call seeming to indicate the identity of the writer. He left his house with his gun to confront the writer. He was found dead a short distance from his house. His car was driven off the road and his gun had been fired once. He died as a result of the crash and it is unknown why he fired the gun. It is unclear if it was an accident or murder. Later, while driving her bus, Mary saw signs along her route harassing her. She went to take one down and discovered a booby-trap meant to fire a gun at her. The gun belonged to her former brother-in-law Paul Freshour. Freshour was convicted of attempted murder and was thought to be the Circleville writer. However, while incarcerated the letters continued despite him being in solitary confinement without access to letter writing material and his mail being monitored. He was denied parole because of the letters and received one himself after his parole was denied.
Not my story but I remember my sister, who is a nurse, telling me and it stuck with me. She had a male patient in his late 80s who only had a few days left. I don't remember exactly what he had but it was a pretty painful disease from what I remember. My sister said that he was always pleasant and would never show a sign of pain until someone left the room. She only knew this because she had to come back in the room for something she forgot and saw him suffering. Anyways, this man had a very loving wife, they had been together for over 60 years. My sister was in the room with both of them and they were laughing and joking around. The man asked his wife to go fetch him a glass of water. My sister offered to get it for him but he refused. He said "She needs to get out of here for a little bit, it is stuffy". His wife agreed and he told her thanks and said how much he loved her. After she left the room the man asked my sister if his wife was gone. When my sister confirmed his wife was indeed gone he said "Let her know she was the best thing that ever happened to me" and he closed his eyes. Within a minute he was gone.
I volunteered at an after-school program sponsored by the local YWCA. The 'false accusation' scenario happened to me. The children consisted of mixed ages from grade 1-6. One girl, may have been in third grade, was mad at me for consistently refusing to play with her. I didn't like to interact with her because my supervisor and the other aides warned me about her. My impression of her led me to believe the warnings were appropriate. She may have had 'something' going on in school or at home that affected her adversely. I don't know. I only saw her three hours a day, twice a week. She was kind of a snotty bitch IMO. But I also reasoned that kids are good-natured and curious. Anything beyond this is generally in response to some stress. Long story short, in an effort to get revenge for my lack of attention she accused me of molestation. She concocted the whole scenario, came out of hiding (during a search) just bawling, scratched herself, the whole deal. At the time of her admission I was at recess with a big group of other kids running around. I was called inside and the situation was laid out. I was completely dumbfounded. I couldn't say or do anything without enabling a scenario of my word against that of a wounded, crying girl. I was suspended (for my own sake).
What a responsible pet store owner did: http://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10150302748834833&set=o.166535103426807&type=1&ref=nf Edit: Including the link that friday6700 included. http://www.wbng.com/news/local/Saturday--Petco-129586498.html I've been in the store, cages that are low that would have been impacted include: Cats (if they had any in), Tortoises, Spiders, Fish, Birds, Ferrets, various reptiles. Further edit: https://www.facebook.com/PETCO?sk=wall PETCO has released a statement, and deleted the facebook posts of people saying they were there to take the animals and denied. Further:Further Edit: I included Fish as some were salt water fish, and I am honestly not sure what could survive in the water that flooded the place, it had diesel fuel in it, sewer contaminants, gasoline from washed out stations, etc. Yes it was diluted, but overall not healthy. Last Edit: http://www.reddit.com/message/messages/5y7gt "You can go to http://broomegis.co.broome.ny.us/website/gisweb/gisapps.htm#, then click on UPIS. You can then use the buttons on the left to zoom and pan in to where PetCo is. Then click on Layers, to pick either FEMA, 2006, or SRBC. After picking a layer, click on "Update Map Layers". By doing this, you can see that the PetCo is a known flood region, and also flooded in 2006." This shows pretty well that PetCo's statement that they didn't know they were going to flood is pretty much garbage. It's in the flood area of 06. My real last edit, as I had two teeth ripped out today, and need to sleep to go help family and coworkers with their destroyed houses and basements tomorrow: I'm in Binghamton. People have been asking what area this happened in. Our area was smited again in a supposed "100 year" flood, even though it happened 5 years ago. People lost homes, jobs and property. No human lives were lost, we were lucky that way.
This may get lost at the bottom, but I have solid proof that debunks the statement issued by PetCo. Petco says: We are investigating why we did not receive those evacuation orders from the city if this area was known to flood in the past I have an email from NY-Alert, a statewide alert system that goes directly to the news and to the cell phones and emails of subscribers, that says the area in which the PetCo is located, is in imminent danger of major flooding. Issued By: Broome County Emergency Management Affected Jurisdictions: Broome County Headline: Susquehanna River will flood in Johnson City at or near same levels as 2006 record flood - If you evacuated in 2006 then you need to evacuate now. The Village of Johnson City is issuing a MANDATORY evacuation for low-lying areas in the village that are expected to flood by tomorrow morning. The Susquehanna River will flood to the same or nearly the same level as the record 2006 flood This email was sent at 6:36 PM on Wednesday. Petco also says:
I've never commented on Reddit before, but the wonderful stories shared here prompted me to say something. I've been married 19 years, and there are so many moments. I'll share the last and most important one. Last October my wife suddenly developed some strange symptoms that her physician couldn't explain. We scheduled a neurology appointment, but they couldn't fit her in for eight weeks. Within a few days we realized we couldn't wait, and I took her to the ER. After an MRI and CT scan they found five masses in her brain, and admitted her to the hospital. That night, both of us terrified beyond belief, my wife asked that I leave momentarily and buy a bottle of wine and sneak it back into the hospital. I did, and we drank a few glasses in secret. She then asked if I'd have sex with her. I of course said yes, although I was nervous that a nurse, doctor, or other hospital worker would walk in on us. In mid act, while trying to cover ourselves under the tiny blanket a nurse naturally walked right in. My ass was sticking out with my pants around my ankles. I was mortified, but my wife thought it was the funniest thing. Unfortunately, the masses turned out to be glioblastoma multiforme, a grade 4 brain malignancy. It's been such a scary yet wonderful time since that night. We WILL spend the rest of our lives together, I just hope it's much longer than her prognosis (11 months) suggests.
So I'll give my example here, I was reminded after reading the post about someone warning a kid buying from an undercover cop. Back when I was in school, the University newspaper ran a story about undercover cops using a younger, cute girl to camp outside the liquor store just off-campus and ask people to buy her beer. She'd give the people money, then ask them if they wanted to come back to her vehicle and share one as a way to say thanks. Get back to where her car is supposed to be, van door opens up, cops inside, and you'd get a ticket for underage buying. Later that evening, my friend and I were going to this same liquor store to get some beer, when we were approached by a cute girl, who asked us if we could buy her a six pack of beer since she was underage. Being a dumbass, I said sure, took her money and we went inside. About 10 seconds later I remember the piece about the undercover cops, and realized we were about to get arrested. At that point, we decided the best thing to do was to buy a 6 pack of super expensive root beer (blowing $9 of the $20 she gave us) and we put it in a paper bag. We walked back out, and she asked us "did you get it?" to which we said "yeah, of course." She invited us back to her car to have one each as a thank-you. Sure enough, we head to the back and there's the black van. The door opens up, cops sitting in there with headphones on etc. and they tell us "you're in a world of trouble now." I put on my best trollface and said "really? I really thought you guys could use some root beer sitting out here in that cramped van all night." There was an awkward pause, and then they opened the bag. Root beer, nothing else. Then they told us to get the fuck out of there, and we were interfering with a police investigation, and if we didn't leave we'd get arrested. We walked across the street to our apt. building went into the various laundry rooms and yelled out the window every time she approached someone that it was a sting. They left after 20 min. of that. tl;dr - cops tried to trick us into buying beer for an underage girl, we took their money and bought them root beer instead. edit: For those saying this would have been entrapment, it wouldn't have been. http://www.lectlaw.com/def/e024.htm A person is 'entrapped' when he is induced or persuaded by law enforcement officers or their agents to commit a crime that he had no previous intent to commit; and the law as a matter of policy forbids conviction in such a case. However, there is no entrapment where a person is ready and willing to break the law and the Government agents merely provide what appears to be a favorable opportunity for the person to commit the crime. For example, it is not entrapment for a Government agent to pretend to be someone else and to offer, either directly or through an informer or other decoy, to engage in an unlawful transaction with the person. So, a person would not be a victim of entrapment if the person was ready, willing and able to commit the crime charged in the indictment whenever opportunity was afforded, and that Government officers or their agents did no more than offer an opportunity. I would have been screwed, because of the three things required for entrapment, they didn't do #2 Second, the government agents then persuaded or talked the person into committing the crime. Simply giving him the opportunity to commit the crime is not the same as persuading him to commit the crime. She just asked, she didn't persuade. She offered the opportunity, that's it. If I'd said no, and she proceeded to badger me it would be entrapment, but I just say "sure".
So for the summer, we've had an intern. He started around June. He's a pretty cool guy, and he gets along well with the office. The first few weeks, he was fine. We gave him simple tasks to ease him in, which he picked up on. Over time, we gave him more and more, but nothing too hard or too high a work load. Now, for the past month or so, he's been completely slacking off. I noticed the work flow coming from him has slowed dramatically, and he seemed a bit more lazy in general. So, I asked my friends in the IT department to give me a report on his internet usage. Surprise surprise. Browsing the internet, plenty of reddit, even some youtube here and there. All times of the day, at a high volume. When we last talked, I brought up that work had slowed, and asked why. His response was that he felt his work had gotten more difficult - which is BS, because he's very qualified for what I've assigned to him. I'm not a tough boss, and I've never had to confront a worker before - our office has always had really great employees. So, how should I go about this? Give him a stern talking? A friendly one? A joking message through reddit that says "Get to work!" anonymously? He's a good kid, he's just been lazy lately. Edit: OP has not abandoned you all, don't worry. As for all the comments about interns shitting yourselves - good. It might be you I call into my office later today or tomorrow. Straighten up, and get to work. The more I from interns here, the more I want to prank him! Yes, I plan on talking to him either this evening or tomorrow morning. Yes, I will update. Some have asked how much he makes, and if it's for free: definitely not free labor - THEN I would probably understand. He makes around $18/hour if I recall correctly. Edit 2: The hour of reckoning is near. Edit 3: Edited the poor bastard's name out because the sound of so many interns shitting their pants in this thread is too beautiful. Unfortunately, there won't be time to call him in today - a meeting came up and I have other stuff to do by the end of the day. He'll be called in first thing tomorrow morning, and I will update you beautiful sons of bitches. Going to try and keep it light hearted, but at the same time keep firm that he does need to get more work done and that his browsing needs to decrease drastically. We are okay with some browsing, just not the amount he does. One last gem: called friend in IT, had him check again since he did earlier today. Looks like he cleared his browsing cache and cookies, probably upon seeing this thread. Stay tuned... Edit 4: Guys, we aren't hiring right now. I'm sorry :( Please don't PM me, I can't get you a job. If I could, I would - but you'd probably go on reddit as much as this guy. And then I'd have to come to r/askreddit on how to deal with the situation. And then I'd get more PM's asking to be hired. Edit 5: Really, we aren't hiring. I promise I can't get you a job. Update after our talk: So, I met with him in our small conference room this morning. He seemed really nervous. Asked how he was doing, how work was going, etc. Asked if he had anything to air out, if he was happy with his work, interested in it, etc, etc. He gave me mostly small answers like 'yes' and 'no', while remaining a little nervous. So I asked the "okay, well do you know why I asked you here?" while remaining friendly, not stiff (heh) or anything. He had this shit eating grin on his face and said "uhh, you don't go on reddit, do you?" to which I also had a shit eating grin on my face. We laughed, and I said how browsing the internet is fine, and I don't want to have to monitor him, but we need more work coming from him. So then I asked if he has trouble focusing, or is bored with work or whatever. It mostly came down his lack of focus, which I can completely relate to (I was very recently diagnosed with ADHD as an adult, and we are close in age). We talked about things that would help him stay on track. I recommended getting up out of his cubicle every hour for 5 minutes, or walking around on our floor, and drinking plenty of water. Maybe take 5-10 minutes at lunch and go for a walk. He responded well to all of my suggestions, and I feel like the talk went great. Then I had to inform him where we go from here: like someone suggested here, I told him we're not here to baby sit, but to help him grow and learn as a programmer. We need to make sure his time is being used appropriately. If I notice another decrease in work, that's when the the punishments are going to have to get serious and I'm going to have to inform my boss about all of this, which will likely result in early termination. You know, to let him know we're cool, but we are still professional and work has to be done. I also told him if he feels like he's drifting again, or needs more assistance, to contact me before he goes back into this loop. As we parted, I said to take 10 mins to browse reddit or whatever, and then continue on his assignment. Little did he know I had my IT friend redirect reddit to his own "GET BACK TO WORK" page, just for a short while. I believe the problem is fixed. Thanks to all who gave input on the situation, to all interns who shat their pants upon reading this, to the few that sent me some seriously awesome FBI-level interrogation techniques, and to the many of you that inquired about jobs. No, I still can't get you one. I'm sorry. tldr: Thousands of interns produce brown fruit that flows into their sabatons upon reading this thread. Our guy was one of them. We're cool now. I'll leave it up to him if he wants to out himself here. Update thread: http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/x2zwk/update_our_summer_intern_has_gotten_lazy_what/
Oh hell, so many times. The first time, I started working at a porn store. I had only started working there like two weeks earlier, but the manager told me I was now his assistant manager, and I needed to fire the night shift guy. I got a (slight) raise, so I figured I pretty much had to do it. I was only 21, and had very little work (or life) experience. I didn't know how to fire someone. But, I did it. I came in to work the next morning to fire this guy. I didn't know what to say, so I was like "look, dude, I know this sucks, but as you know I've been made ASM, and my first order of business was to let you go." I barely got the words out before he was screaming at me, calling me names, telling me I didn't have the authority, and that he'd been there over a year.....and he refused to get out from behind the counter. So, I called my manager...but since he was a raging alcoholic, he was still passed out cold at 9 am. Meanwhile, the night shift dude called the owner of the business, who sent his son (one of the supervisors). I had the owner and the supervisor screaming at me (one in person, the other on the phone). The supervisor said that I needed to get the manager on the phone, and I better hope he answers, because if he can't fire him, he'd fire me instead.
So, one hour after I finished my last final, my mom calls to tell me she has just been suspended. She was told that she would get the remainder of her contract, which is payment until August, and was then ordered off the premise. I thought this was kind of shitty, but at least she has 8 month's pay. Today, the principal that fired her (she is a teacher), said they are breaching the contract and not paying her. Normally, this would be something she could take to her union, but she couldn't afford insurance and the union, so this was the first year she has not been in the union. The first year she is not in the union, and they fire her on christmas and breach contract. She called her old union rep and he said that they are fighting this kind of thing all over the place, but they won't represent her because this is the first time in 25 years that she was not paying union dues. She was even promised by the secretary that was going to handle the paperwork that she would get full pay, on wednesday. That secretary was fired today. The principal said, "If you want to fight it, hire a lawyer." I think that, collectively, we have 1,500 dollars between me, my brother and my mom, and the lowest that we have heard from a lawyer initally is 2 grand. *there is a tiny mortgage on the house (about 8 grand or so), but if she can't pay that, she is going to lose the entire house. I don't know what to do, my mom doesn't know what to do, and my brother is in the Navy, so he is completely oblivious to the problem. In summation, My mom's school district fired her, broke her contract because she was not in the union. Frankly, I only post this here because I'm desperate I have no idea what can even be done. * I wrote "I don't know what to do" twice here. This is effecting my posting skills. Alright, this is against all my better judgment, and I feel like a pandering idiot for even setting this up, but a lot of people are telling me to do it, so here, a donate button. I don't even know if I set that up right. Really what would be great is a lawyer in Kansas that would work Pro Bono, that would be the best thing. My favorite donation messages so far, "May your hovercraft be full of eels" - rsenic Another favorite comment sent via paypal, contained this link of relevancy: http://i.imgur.com/3oLHi.jpg "I'm drunk. Here's ten dollars" "You're awesome and art teachers were always the best, except that one weird guy in the 6th grade who always made us touch the glue gun glue ball that got lodged in the back of his hand. hope your mom finds something soon. keep your head up." - hueypriest I had a teacher that made everyone touch the piece of lead lodged in her hand. I understand. A $233 value donation was just made by someone. (Not really, they just sent the drawing.) "Here's another $12, I'll give you $50 more if you drive to Pittsburgh and let me throw a hamburger at you" Flying would be cheaper, I could maybe get a ticket from SouthWest for 60 bucks, and if you can cover that, you get to throw the hamburger at me for free. "I'm a grad student who spent all day working in a lab on heart disease. This is by far the most worthwhile thing I did today. That is meant both as a gesture of good will and a comment about grad school." - sokrasins Uhm, okay, thank you, but if you cured heart disease, that'd be pretty cool too. So uh, don't give up on that. "[insert witty comment here]" It is okay, I've had those kind of days too. Someone has messaged me that they may know of a lawyer that could help, or at least write a scary letter. I feel it's my obligation to update you all as much as I can... Soapier is awesome. It also smells really good. I tried it. My balls smelled like oranges for a month when I tried it. Maybe I shouldn't post that last sentence. Oh well. Okay, I'm going to take a little break and check on things in three or four hours, I'll bring updates then. By the way, everytime there is a paypal transaction, I get an email. I have 300 emails.* D: * make that 500 emails. I thought I'd update you all on the plan that has come up from all this: The NLRB keeps unions in check, and apparently what my mom's union has done may have been against the rules, and I have the form to submit to the NLRB concerning the union rep. If the union thing does not work, someone has contacted me with a lawyer they know that may take the case Pro Bono (oh, how many times have I written that today and wanted to write 'Pro-Boner') At the very least, a scary letter from a lawyer may do the trick and get the contract reinstated. If all else fails, your donations will at least keep things afloat for some time. Alternate 'If All else fails', taking this to the press. I list this as a last resort because I don't see my mom going for it. She feels really bad about the whole experience. That is all for right now. Being Friday night, not much can be done over the weekend in regards to this whole mess, so any real action will have to wait until Monday. I think this is why they fire people on Fridays... Edit: Update Tuesday the 29th or Wednesday the 30th, everyone that donated will be getting an email from my mom (at least, everyone whose email I could find) Update (for now)
When I was fifteen I "borrowed" my mom's car to pick up a friend who had gotten drunk and ended up in a bad situation with some boys. On the way home I lost control on some ice and slid into a tree at the entrance of my neighborhood. My mom is terrifying, but thankfully she goes to sleep early so when I called home I was relieved my dad answered. He came and pushed the car home, made my friend and I some sandwiches, gave me a lecture about driving without a license and put us to bed. The next day he told my mom that he had wrecked the car on an early-morning doughnut run. After that, I never hesitated to call my dad when I needed help, even when I knew doing so might land me in major trouble. EDIT: Thanks so much for all the kind words! I'm so happy my highest-ranked comment is about my awesome dad. I know I'm super lucky to have such an awesome dad and, for what it's worth, I didn't get off completely scott-free; my dad made me spend weeks learning to repair the damage to the car. It took ages but we got that thing up and running together.
I have two stories that I have been dying to tell: I had man come in for dinner (I work in a four star restaurant) sweating bullets from the time he sat down. He and the lady were obviously a couple and the entire staff guessed what would happen, especially after he ordered a $300.00 bottle of champagne to start the meal. She looked happy, but worried through the entire meal. When the dessert came he got down on one knee and I heard her say, "Please don't." Those two words stopped MY heart, I cannot imagine what this poor dude was going through. They had a hushed conversation and she ran out, literally ran, while he sat there still holding an open ring box. He finished the bottle of wine they had ordered during dinner, and pretty wasted turned to me and asked, "Why won't she let me love her?" Just like that. Like I am going to give him some kind of answer to explain the complex and painful thing that has just happened. I told him that sometimes we fall in love with the wrong people, and the only people worth anyone's time are the ones who give back what they get. He finished the bottle, paid his tab and walked slowly to the parking garage. I never saw him again. I used to wait tables at a Bob Evans that was located across the street from a nursing home. Whoever chose that location was a genius because old people love the shit out of Bob Evans. I had an elderly couple who came in every day for lunch and ordered the same thing. It got to the point that they I would have their meal on the table by the time I saw them crossing the street from the window. (They usually only got applesauce/banana bread/mashed potatoes.) One day the old man came in alone after a week of absence. He never said it, but I knew she had died. He still ordered for her, and let the food sit on her side of the table. Every. Day. I cried more than one time delivering it. I hope one day my future husband loves me that much.
I was doing some work with an engineering firm and there was a lady who was complaining about severe moisture and water build up in her apartment. After checking with all the other apartments around her and nobody else complaining we went to investigate. We knock on the door and the second she lets us in we are hit smack in the face with a wall of humidity. I mean like standing in Vietnam during monsoon time humidity. Its hot, extremely humid and just walking 5 feet in youre already saturated with water. We start the investigation and notice her carpet is soaked everywhere. Just squish squish squish as we walked through. I get to her sliding glass doors to her patio and no word of a lie there are 2' tall mushrooms growing out of her carpet. The water built up so badly on the glass doors and dripped down onto the carpet she had a 10' x 10' mushroom garden growing. Turns out the cause for it was found when I opened her closet. She had her son sneak in a clothes washer and dryer one night and 'installed' them into her closet without having proper plumbing for the washer and absolutely no ventilation for the dryer. So all the humidity from the dryer and washer were trapped in the apartment.
When I found out that I had slept with a band member's wife. This is a little convoluted, so bear with my poor story telling skills: I met a cute girl at a bar-gig, and we were attracted to each other. We went back to my place and sexed it up. We had "carnal relations" a few times after that. No big deal, just some occasional sex... Fast forward about five years - I'm in a different band, and this same woman walks in. I approach her during the break and give her a hug and make some small talk. My guitarist, Dave, comes up to me and says "Hey...how do you know Christine?" He's my friend, so I tell the truth. "She used to come see previous band and we hooked up a few times." "That's my ex wife, dude. We just got divorced six months ago." My heart dropped, and I'm close to panic-mode...Nearly ready to run out of the place. So I stammer "Dave, I'm so sorry! She didn't tell me that she was married!" "Yeah, I found out that she did that a lot. That's why we're divorced. Don't worry about it, man. You didn't know."
Yay! Here's the story, and here's a link to the original AskReddit thread, too: In 2009, we put together an anthology of Sesame Street’s then 40 year history. The end product of this anthology was a coffee table book, “Sesame Street: A Celebration – 40 Years of Life on the Street.” The book is extensive – a full color, 300-plus page masterpiece. The amount of research it took to produce the book? A years-long endeavor, involving multiple people digging through a seemingly endless trove of boxes and bins -- all of which, collectively, promised to tell the complete story of Sesame Street’s history. Except there was one item missing. In the summer of 1969, Sesame Workshop (then Children's Television Workshop) created an episode of Sesame Street -- an unaired test pilot shown only to a focus group of children. Later that year, on November 10, 1969 after incorporating the data gathered by this test pilot and many other sources, the first ever episode of Sesame Street – Episode 0001 -- debuted. The actor who played Gordon in the Episode 0001 was Matt Robinson, who held the role through season 3. In seasons four and five, Hal Miller took over. Since season six, Roscoe Orman has played the role. But the man who played Gordon in the unaired test pilot? We did not know who he was. And our records came up empty, the man’s identity, we feared, was lost to history. On November 10, 2011 – our 42nd birthday – we decided to ask the Internet for help. And congratulations, Internet: You found Gordon. Here's a pic of him from 1976, eight years after the episode was filmed. Gordon’s name was Garrett Hobart Saunders, an actor local to New York who primarily performed in traveling theater. Out of respect for the privacy of his family, we won’t be sharing the details of his life here. But the story as to how we found him – how you found him, well, here it goes. We posted our call for help everywhere we could think of, starting with SesameStreet.org. We shared it across our social media accounts – Facebook (even on Elmo’s and Cookie Monster’s pages), Twitter, and Tumblr as well. And we posted it to Reddit, where it quickly hit the front page. Within hours, people were making suggestions, and within days, the story travelled across the web and across mediums. It even made a few television news shows, one of which ended up being the big break. Mr. Saunders’ nephew saw a story of our search and immediately contacted his cousins – Garrett Saunders’ two daughters. Both women reached out to us later that day, providing us the photo above and the other information we needed. With their help, we were able to verify that Mr. Saunders was, in fact, the first Gordon. We’d like to thank everyone who helped us spread the word and ultimately, solve our mystery. And thank you, too, to Garrett Hobart Saunders, for being part of Sesame Street’s history. tl;dr: Gordon = found!
Today, while at work (library), a man came in and one of our regular patrons, a teen who's probably 15 or 16, came running up to him and gave him a hug. Turns out, the man is the teen's father. Now, through two years of seeing this kid almost every day, I know a few things about him: he's in foster care, his mom OD'd last year, he grew up on the streets, he was abused by several of his mom's boyfriends. So I was surprised to see he had a dad, honestly. But it became quickly apparent (to everyone else) that the dad wasn't that in to seeing his son. But the boy could not see that. He was talking all about his life, his group home, his younger brothers, etc. Then he says, "Why don't we go to lunch? Let's go to Wendy's" (right across the street.) The dad goes, "Sure, let me go get my wallet, I'll be right back." And he walks out the door and doesn't come back. At all. This kid stood in the middle of the library for like an hour, then went back and forth between us and Wendy's for the rest of the day. A co-worker and I ended up sitting in the parking lot with this kid for like two hours after we closed, just letting him cry. This is a teenager who has seen and experienced the very worst things, many of them probably at the hands of his father, and yet he wanted so desperately to be part of his life. I've literally never felt so gutted in my life. All I want to do is tell this story to Liam Neeson, see the rage simmer, and then set him loose on this scumbag...
My grandmother & grandfather were born in 1900. ( Yes, one hundred and twelve years ago.) He lost a leg at Verdun. My father was shot in Italy and France. My grandmother's grandfather was in the Civil War, and I remember her telling me stories of him. My grandparents didn't have electricity, running water or flushing toilets until I was in middle school. My paternal grandparents were pretty much the same. I now think back to how I thought about things when I was young, and I realize exactly HOW much times have changed.... I remember WHITES ONLY toilets and water fountains... and never even thought about it. (actually, I also remember being quite sure that the Beatles caused communism....). I remember before there were malls, and we went downtown to shop. (I remember, because I had to wear white gloves, and I was forever losing them and/or getting them dirty) (which was NOT acceptable behavior for girls....) I remember our maids. I remember Dark Shadows, the Batman show on TV, and Twilight Zone. I remember JFK's death, the race riots in the 60's, MLK's killing, Challenger and 9/11. My mother remembers Pearl Harbor, and my grandmother would tell me about the end of WWI.... What, I wonder, will you remember? Edit: Obligatory "Wow, front page!". Also, got found out by my son. Bowing (without throwing out my back) graciously in your general direction. Edit2: Genius Son here. Post proof as requested: http://i.imgur.com/rRRpl.jpg
Hi all. I'm a psychiatrist. My main area of clinical work is emergency psychiatry, and my main research interest is functional brain imaging. I'd like to start a discussion about the rapist thread, which I see as a serious danger. In a nutshell: Rape is a crime which sometimes hinges directly on feelings of power over the victim. That power often loses its meaning if the victim is unconscious. Many rapists typically need a victim who knows they are being victimized. This victim is the rapist's audience. This is crucial. The audience gives the rapist pleasure, euphoric delight from unfettered, witnessed suffering. That euphoria is intense and is possibly driven by the same neurobiology involved in a drug high. Now, when Reddit invites rapists to retell their stories, they offer an audience of thousands. The possibility that individuals reading these stories will be horrified afresh is very appealing to some rapists. It’s neurobiologically very much like anticipating drug use. Note: the audience doesn’t actually need to be horrified. In the mind of the rapist, the possibility of horrifying an audience is what is appealing. Ever wonder what makes addicts keep using? A major factor is the craving that comes from recalling the feelings associated with the pleasurable activity or drug. Cocaine addicts, active or in recovery, who are asked to think about using cocaine have measurable brain changes precisely when they report cravings. We haven't actually measured this in rapists, but we suspect it's highly analogous. Thus, the Reddit rape forum is very possibly triggering rape cravings in rapists. It is also teaching rapists how to rape better via shared stories, the same way we teach new participants to improve in any field, by sharing our experiences. I plan to be available to discuss this, so jump in. (For those more curious about the guy behind the message, I'm a frequent guest on the Caustic Soda Podcast.) Edited at 6:43 pm to eliminate gendered language. My apologies for insensitivity! I was pretty anxious when I was writing this, and my bias showed. Any gender can rape any gender. Second edit at 7:09 pm (Pacific): My credentials Third edit at 7:19 pm: Edit #2: Caustic Soda has confirmed my identity on their Facebook page. Fourth edit, 2:09 pm 31 July: My point is that speech has power, and it can be dangerous. I wanted to outline why it might be dangerous in this instance. Is censorship the answer? No. Responsible and accountable speech is the answer. I don't know what the answer is. That question is in the domains of law and philosophy, for it is a question of values, a question about how the world ought to be. My point is about how the world is, and it stands whether or not there is free speech. Also, yes, I fully agree that rape is a complex phenomenon with multiple motives. I'm speaking specifically about sadistic, serial rape, which can indeed involve euphoria and the triggering of cravings. I've made edits above as well to soften the tone. Also, removed the distracting asterisks. Fifth edit: a number of people have requested links to research about rape and rapists. All links are to free, full-text articles, so you can read in depth if you wish. Here we go... Male rapists in this sample were 1.5x as likely to have been physically violent to a female partner Male rape is 2x more likely in societies where gender inequity is normalized In this sample of 1686 men, 466 had raped a woman, and 251 were multiple rapists. The most common motivation "stemmed from ideas of sexual entitlement." Men do indeed get raped and they have enormous difficulty disclosing this In this sample of 2049 men, 376 reported forced sex, a finding "consistent with assessments from Western countries." In violent offenders, there are close relationships between substance abuse and consequent criminal offences such as "physical assault, rape, armed robbery, attempted murder and homicide." Highly psychopathic individuals, including serial rapists, have measurable differences in brain morphology compared to controls (Not available as free full text.)
I'm still somewhat just blankly staring at this email I just got. Reading it over and over again. I know many won't get the same feeling from it, but if you were there, knew the person, and understood what he was going through at the time and how he expressed himself... it's as if everything clicks into place and makes sense. http://imgur.com/hbPIE (the email) For background info, I did an AMA a while back on travelling around spontaneously with no travel plans (http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/w85a6/iama_spontaneous_solo_traveller_ill_take_your/). I mentioned in that last one I was leaving for another trip in the upcoming week. That trip occured this past July, and during it, I decided to hop on a random cruise ship to Croatia where I met this guy. We talked and after hearing how I had no place to go when I reached there, he invited me onto his boat/yacht. Over the course of a 2 days, we sailed around the Adriatic Islands on his private boat, drank beer and just talked. After we docked back into the marina, we said our goodbyes and the only contact I had with him was a single email thanking him for his hospitality. This morning, I received this email. I still have no idea how to reply or respond to this, but its shocking to know that even the smallest gesture makes the biggest difference in someone's life.
I was in Hong Kong on business, so my colleague and I went to Repulse Bay. We met up with some girls we'd previously met, drank all day on the beach, hung out, made new friends and we're all hitting a volleyball when a guy our age (early 20's) comes up to us his voice in a panic saying his friend is buried and they can't get him out of the sand. I immediately thought this was some prank, so we go over to the kid and literally all you can see is an arm sticking out of the sand, so we try pulling it and all you can hear is a muffled scream. When we realized whats going on and tried to get closer, the sand caved in and the arm began frantically waving in a panic. Immediately I started digging in the sand with 4 other people to find this kids head and then I found it and we dug a small air pocket around his mouth. After about 5 minutes of carefully digging and pulling, we pulled him out. The beach was empty aside from us and it was getting pitch black out. Kind of crazy I saved some kids life in Hong Kong.
Following the footsteps of these guys, I want to have a reddit-powered epic summer adventure. I have the ability to travel on the cheap. Want me to hand deliver a letter to someone across the country or overseas? Attempt to help you with homework? Volunteer at your organization for a day? Need an extra pair of hands to do that landscaping project you've been putting off for months? Know a sweet hiking spot but have no one to go with? I will attempt to complete the highest voted tasks to the best of my abilities (IE they take place in destinations I can reach- most major cities worldwide except and almost any US destination, and I don't get an unlucky string of fully booked flights). Be sure to say the city your request takes place in. Feel free to assign me random adventures where ever you live. I plan on documenting all this, taking pictures and video at each destination, and am looking to purchase a video camera-- can anyone recommend something lightweight? Also-- if anyone else has similar benefits you're welcome to join me for any/all of the journey. We could take turns filming! I intend on beginning my journey starting on May 7th and continuing into late July. Miscellaneous note about me: 22 year old male unemployed college student B.Sc. in forensics American citizen I won't do anything illegal-- if you want a package delivered I'd like to inspect the contents first ಠ_ಠ Can speak conversational Spanish Other skills: amateur game design/mod enthusiast, cooking, playing guitar badly and singing badly Likes: hiking, caffeinated tea, rock climbing, long walks on the beach EDIT [1]: Official Subreddit EDIT [2]: sub to r/ReVenture (above) if you want to follow the whole thing (wow, I feel like a youtube channel already). I'm going to spend the next week reading through EVERY post and coming up with an itinerary that maximizes adventure & help/travel time ratio. Future communication will be through the subreddit. Twitter if you're into that sort of thing In the mean time I'm off for a few days to visit family
Basically I was 9 years old and my parents were picking me up from school (we lived about 150m down the road so they would walk with the dog to the school to pick me up). She was great around all the kids and never hurt anyone. Then one day this exceptionally dicky kid came up to "pat" my dog on the head. This pat however was pretty much just a punch to the nose, which my dog did most certainly not like. So she bit the kid on the hand (didn't even draw blood), and the kid made a huge scene after which my dog was banned from the school. As we lived in a very crowded suburban area, the school oval/park was the only place we could walk her so instead of letting her never be able to get rid of energy we promptly 'sent her off to the farm'. My brother, being 10 years older and very considerate, told me that the real reason we gave her away was because the ranger made us put her down, and my parents were just trying to be nice. I believed this for a few (very sad) months before finally travelling down south to my uncle's farm and be beyond delighted when i found out she was still alive. So reddit, what's your lying-but-honest parent story?
So, I walked into a Safeway today to find some Greek God yogurt, the honey variety and I stopped at the deli. A lady was waiting there. She looked to be an impoverished little elderly black woman (I am not being classist, or ageist or sexist or racist here, I just like to visually paint pictures) anyway, she said she had been waiting for 45 minutes and no one would wait on her. When they finally did, she asked the price of an egg roll and the fried wontons. It was evident she didn't have much. Finally in frustration, she said, "Forget it," and started to leave. That just felt so wrong. I called out, "Stop, stop, you can't leave, come back here. Pick your dinner out. I'll buy it." It came to a mere $7.50 or so. The thought of someone walking home hungry, feeling broke and mistreated just felt so wrong. I told her that I had just sold a book and the meal was no big deal. She asked about the book and I told her about my friend, Darryl's cancer and how it was important to get it done to honor what a gift he is to me and how much I love him. She said that her husband had cancer. We walked out and I grabbed her a copy of the book and signed it for her. She said she had a book she was working on. She hugged me and said, "I love you." For a mere $7.50 I got an "I love you," from a stranger. Best $7.50 I have spent in a long time.
I go to this noodle and bubble tea shop near my apartment about once a week. The food is affordable and I basically drink water or tea, so what the hell, right? Last Thursday while I was drawing some things in my sketchbook as I ate, the two girls next to me had a third friend arrive, late, seemingly upset. She then went on and on about how bad her life has been lately. How nothing since the new year has gone right for her. How her thesis is in trouble (so a senior in college?) and how this is the last time she can go out with friends (A noodle shop?) for the next four months. It might be a little bit dramatic to others, but you can tell she was unhappy and that's what I picked up. I felt like, "Nothing good has happened since the new year? That needs to stop." So when I paid my bill, I went up to the waitress and mumbled to her so the girls didn't hear, "Let me pay for her drink." The waitress was confused, "I overheard her talking and she seems unhappy, so let me pay for her drink." "Oh...Okay?" "I think she got the taro flavor?" Finally the waitress follows, tells me to pay about $4.50. I do so, and leave as fast as possible so they don't know what I did. Fast forward to the following Tuesday, I go back to the noodle shop for my weekly visit, I'm sketching again and then I get a tap on my shoulder. A girl starts complimenting my drawings and asks about me. She then goes, "Were you here last Thursday?" I pause, "Yeah?" "I was sitting with my friends next to you when you were here." I was startled cause I never expected to get a response, "Uh... Yeah." "You paid for my friend's drink?" "Oh, yeah. She said something like how nothing good happened this year for her and I felt like that needed to change a bit." She replied, "Well you made her day." I always expected to be anonymous, but it was still nice to have confirmation that she felt better. I will do more random things like this in the future.
Oh man... The door opening noise happens, out of the corner of your eye you see it's your school crush, with her purple willowy username that contains symbols like ~¤<3. Immediately adrenalin starts pumping, you get all nervous and sweaty, ... You immediately open up a chat window, but you wait a minute, you don't want to seem desperate or stalker-like. The anticipation is palpable, heightened by the gritty lyrics of Linkin Park playing in the background "craaaawling in my skiiiin..." . You begin to type, "hello", , "hey ;)" . With your pulse now at its max, you take the plunge and slam the enter key, . You wait, and watch, your sight dead set on the screen, waiting for her reply, like some military general in his war room awaiting the word on the mission. And then, without warning, the door closing noise, your crush is gone. Amazing that a noise so simple can crush a man's dreams in just an instant. With nothing left to do, tears in your eyes, you load up counter strike, you need to awp some n00bs to clear your mind. *tomorrow...*you tell yourself .
When I worked at a banquet hall in a hotel, I had a manager (who we'll call steve) who treated everyone like shit, calling us stupid, calling us out on things not even the managers above him cared about, and just generally being an asshole. One day he puts this pissy memo on the bulletin board about not eating left over food (none of the other managers cared about this, and it actually went in the garbage if nobody ate it), but instead of signing his name, he put "banquet management". Well, as a joke I scratched that out, and wrote "-Steve". A couple minutes later, he walks over to the bulletin board, sees this, and starts screaming "WHO WROTE THIS?!", and then runs to his boss down the hall, and starts complaining, and the guy just doesn't know what to say and shrugs. Well, the entire staff saw this and thought it was hilarious, so we start writing "-Steve" on everything. Over the next few weeks Steve gets more and more pissed, and launches an "investigation" saying that he's analyzing the handwriting (at this point he still thinks it's just one person, despite the fact that the entire staff is in on this joke). He never really figured it out, and I'm not sure how crazy it drove him, but he did get fired for drinking on the job.
I left Bank of America years ago and I haven't been more happy. Its been my experience that they always seem to find ways to suck more money out of you. I left them because one day their system had a glitch where it said my balance was a certain amount, so I removed some money. Ends up I didn't have enough money and now it was Non-sufficient funds (NSF). Even though they admitted that their system messed up, I still got charged then INS fees and had to return the extra money. I had no problem returning the money but paying a fee for their mistake was what put me over the line because this wasn't the first time they said I had pay bogus fees for no reason. Now they want to charge people $5 a month just to use your debit card. Do the math: BofA has 57 million consumer and small-business accounts. If a majority of them uses debit cards, BofA will make about $3 billion a year — or $1 billion more than BofA is currently making from transaction fees. We bail them out and now they want even more money. They charge us to store our money there then want to charge us to use our own money.
I had a teacher in Middle School who was really into history. Like REALLY into history. For every new ancient history unit that we had, he would dress up as a person from that time. For the ancient Egyptians unit, he dressed up as an Egyptian embalmer, and he had a mock embalming ritual behind a screen with a light behind it. He acted out each individual step, showing us how they took out each organ, using different props to put on a little show for us. For ancient Greece, he dressed as a spartan hoplite, complete with replica armor and weapons. Each piece of this costume was his pride and joy, having been collected over a decade from the internet/ antique dealers and such. That was the first (and last!) time that I saw actual weapons (a 15'' spear with a leaf bladed tip on one end, and a 'lizard sticker' on the other, and a short sword almost identical to the actual spartan xiphos) that were more than capable of killing people. For the final unit, ancient Rome, he dressed as a Gothic warrior. He even had a tattoo that covered his entire arm which was identical to a common ancient Gothic warrior tattoo. I thought that he was the man, and he always invited my friends and I to stay in his room with him every lunch and talk about history, or just anything really. He inspired me so much that for most of my school career I wanted to be a teacher just like him.
[EDIT] So, the most popular things seem to be: Laundromats + anything Bar + anything Strip club + anything Marijuana + anything [EDIT 2] So far these have been mentioned: Barcade - Brooklyn 1Up & 2Up - Denver Launch Control - Fort Sanders Yacht Club - Knoxville Grove Street - GroundKontrol - Portland Barcadia - Dallas/Fort Worth Blipsy - Los Angeles Biercade - San Juan P.R. Spacebar - Boise The Max - Tulsa Beercade - Omaha Barcade - Philadelphia Emporium - Chicago Puzzles - Barcade - Ashville Barcade - Jersey City Dorky's Arcade - Tacoma Get Well - Toronto 1Up - Reno Arcadium - Lexington Insert Coins - Las Vegas Kyoto Lounge - Manchester UK Kung Fu - Houston I Joystick - Houston 1984 - Wilmington, DE Mix Arcade - Lincoln Quarters - Baton Rouge Battle and Brew - Atlanta Atlas Arcade - Washington DC Loading - Falmouth, UK Blue Post - Wilmington, NC Latitude 30 - Jacksonville Boneyard - Cleveland King's Arcade - Raleigh, NC Recess Bar - Austin Dave & Buster's - all over Chuckie Cheese's - all over [EDIT 3] So, time for me to head to bed! Thanks for all the barcade names, and other combo-store ideas! I'm off to bed, I'll try to update the list again when I head back to work tonight.
As said in the title, my parents have worked hard all their lives for their family. We never had really nice stuff but they always gave everything they could while putting off their own desire. I'm the youngest and now in my mid 20s, so my parents should be able to wind down and get ready for retirement, do a bit of travelling, etc. Unfortunately with their financial situation (+11 grandkids to spend money on), that won't be happening. My parents always talked about going on a trip but it's never happened. Dad works for weeks at a time, staying in camps doing 12 hour days and only coming home on (some) long weekends. It makes me sad that he works so hard with no end in sight, so it's the least we can do to show our gratitude for all the love and help they've given us. Originally I was thinking some all-inclusive type package where they can just relax but I'm not sure it's really up their ally. One of my brothers suggested Ireland (we live in Canada) because both sides of the family originate there and I know both of my parents have expressed a desire to see that country over any other. Some questions I have are: What is the best way to look for deals on international flights? I know of expedia and that's about it. What kinds of places would you want to stay? What cities are best for travelling? Are there any dangerous places you would recommend avoiding as a tourist? Is Christmas a good time to visit a country like Ireland? My sister also suggested their anniversary (in June), which still gives them 6 months to organize themselves but may be tougher for my dad as far as time off work goes. Thanks for any help! Edit 1 - So many insightful and informative responses! Lots of good points, some already considered and some not. I will respond whenever I can, since I'm at work right now. Thanks Reddit! Edit 2 What an overwhelming response! I have my reading cut out for me.. Thank you all foer sharing your advice and bringing up details I hadn't even thought of. For those saying it's a bad idea, it's not. We will ultimately do what's affordable and reasonable with the decisions on where/when left up to my parents. The surprise will be when we tell them that we are sending them on a trip. Someone suggested having a couple small travel gifts to give them at that time which I think is a good idea. I'm so excited to put this together, and want to thank you all again for your help and advice.
I fly home to Ireland from Canada twice a year. During the summer, cheapest flights are with Airtransat. The seats are also the least comfortable and the food the worst though. If you're not travelling with them I would recommend that you send them in the summer, you get direct flights that way. You do not want 60 year old people who've never flown before having to transfer in JFK or heathrow. Then again I dunno where in Canada you are and if you're in Vancouver...jesus. I wouldn't book the flights. Make a sweet card detailing what you're giving them. but don't tie them down. Ireland is a great place to travel to, no matter what time of year. Driving in the winter is tricky, the rural roads are of poor quality, and you get a lot of black ice. There are so many things for them to see. Obviously their ancestral homes. Depending where that is then you have things like Connemara, the Burren, Rock of Cashel, The Blarney Stone, Newgrange, the giant's causeway and all of Dublin, Galway, Belfast, Cork, Kilkenny and wherever else to see. Go to r/Ireland and ask for advice there. I think it's a wonderful sweet idea, but do it in the summer time. Its better for them to travel and gives you all more time to plan it now rather scramble for flights.
I encourage everyone to think about this and respond. I find it is a good way to figure out if you've been making the most of your time. It doesn't need to be something that will impress everyone, just think about it on a personal level. EDIT: Now that I think that this post is just about to reach it's peak I think it is time for me to explain the purpose of this little exercise. I find that many people that live busy day to day lives often don't have the time nor energy to take a step back and notice the little things that they have done, only focusing on the bigger things that they are about to do. The little steps that are over looked can often make us feel slightly proud of ourselves and can give the boost that is needed to reach the overall goal, so when looking back on it, we haven't just enjoyed the outcome, but the process as well. On the other hand, there are people who don't feel like they lead full busy lives. This idea of reflecting on the most positive thing you've done recently gives you a little pat on the back, showing you that you have been doing something no matter how small or insignificant you think it is. In future if you ever find yourself rushed, anxious or just feeling a bit down and out, just think of this and every single time you do, you will always find a boost in your self worth. TL:DR: Just think of this occasionally in future. Note: This may have come out a bit garbled because it's 3 am at time of writing but I'll fix it in the morning if I have to.
He was speaking in Ontario. He is a great speaker and I was very impressed with his speech/interview. EDIT: Was quite impressed with all the comments and feedback on here when I woke up this AM. Even the silly comments. Some answers to questions I have received: Clinton was speaking at the Ontario Economic Summit in Toronto. At one point he actually said that he feels he should be taxed more. I'm not sure how this impacts discussions here, but some people seem to think this is a critical fact that is needed. I don't think it matters myself. I don't have a transcript or a video and I'm not sure if one will become available, if so I will share. I'm not opposed to OWS, I'm not for OWS either. Many people, including Clinton, have a hard time supporting OWS because it isn't entirely clear what OWS stands for. It is too broad. I'm no longer a banker, I work close in the area of public policy, I'm not the government that OWS is opposed to. I'm FOR distribution of wealth. Though in my meetings that is not my direct message. I state problems and offer solutions. I tackle issues one at a time. When I worked for a bank, I was NOT the 1%. It is PART of why I left, not that I was looking to become the 1%, I just didn't agree with the direction the banks are going. Even the CDN banks. Clinton IMO was simply offering advice, I don't believe he was speaking out against OWS, in fact I think he wants them to be successful. I could be wrong, he is a great word smith as some have said. Another personal opinion: If I judged you based on your past, specifically a 1-5 key negative elements of your past, would YOUR own advice be valid? I know I have made some major errors in my past. I agree Clinton has goofed up royally in the past, but I think he offers a valid point. Also I feel that because OWS has decentralized itself, it also opens itself up to individuals who may be a little too right wing and they discredit the OWS movement. i.e. those protesting things like oil in the general sense and are doing it under the OWS movement. FOCUS is needed and I personally believe that some sort of centralized publicity needs to take place. I feel like OWS is trying to speak on our behalf as the 99%, yet I can't support such a disorganized cause that lets many factions speak on my behalf that I don't really agree with. Anyway, I posted this to open dialogue, that was my only motive. I'm not saying I'm a Clinton supporter or I'm against OWS, just helping set the stage for discussions on where OWS is going. Cause I don't know and that makes it hard for me to share my support to them. In my own town, all OWS has done is provide a home for the homeless, for now. EDIT 2: For the purposes of dialoguing the statement, I should have just left out who said it. I feel like some of you are more concerned with who said it, than the validity of the point. Great discussions here regardless. Thanks everyone. And I wish I could read ALL the comments, but there are far too many now.
Could he do it? Yes. Could he do it legally? No. To launch into orbit as a company you need a launch license from the FAA. If you are returning to Earth, you need a reentry license as well. If you will be communicating with earth, you will also need permits for the radio frequencies you use. "Aha", some people in this thread will say, "so you launch from another country without these requirements, or from the ocean!" No. The FAA claims jurisdiction over a US citizen doing a launch anywhere in the world. It's much easier to get a launch license to launch at sea (FAA-AST [Federal Aviation Administration Office of Commercial Space Transportation] folks I've talked to said that SeaLaunch had the easiest launch license process ever) but you still have to get a license, even in "international waters". What is a launch license? You basically submit the entirety of your rocket's design to the FAA, and they look over the whole thing and decide if it's safe or not. One aspect of that safety is called "Ec", pronounced eee-sub-see, which is expected casualties. It is a function of the probability that your rocket will crash (evaluated by you in your license application and reevaluated by the FAA), the area that it would likely crash or could possibly crash, and the population of those areas. It's a probabilistic measure of how many people you will injure or kill, on an average launch.
I was 14 and two girlfriends and I had gone to the theatre in my neighbourhood to see Ghost Rider (my first mistake, I know). We had gone to the 10pm show, so it let out around midnight. It's the only large theatre in the area so it's always filled with moviegoers, but there is very little staff and the hallways are deserted when any movies are in progress. This is all especially true for the late night shows. When our movie finished, my friends went to the bathroom, as is necessitated by the female movie theatre ritual, and I elected to wait out in the secondary lobby. That was probably my second mistake. This theatre, due to its lack of staff, often has more people sneaking into the theatre than people paying for tickets. It is very, very easy to simply waltz in through a side door when another person is walking out. I was the only one in the hallway which made me a target for an extremely large, homeless/cracked-out-looking 40+ year old black man (only relevant because I'm pale as fuck and he could not pass as my dad). He was built like a truck. Generally I'm extremely outgoing and can talk with strangers easily; however, the moment I noticed this fellow approaching, an overwhelming sense of fear washed over me and my brain kept telling me to get out of there fast. My naive 14-year-old self decided to stay where I was, thinking: "There's no way in hell anything bad could happen to me since I'm obviously invincible to the world. Bad shit only happens in the news. Don't judge a book by its cover, aphrodite_whities! He's probably a lovely guy." He approached and asked me if I had any cigarettes. I said no and that I didn't smoke, when he suddenly reached out and grabbed my hand. He stood there shaking my hand saying how he was just dying for a cigarette, increasing his deathgrip every time I tried to pull my hand away. He kept closing the distance between us while strangling my hand and eventually he had me backed into a corner, all the while he keeps fiddling around with something in his pocket (I don't know what it was; he never took that hand out of his pocket the entire time). He kept saying how he wasn't even there to see a movie, just wanted some cigarettes. He was insistent that we go get cigarettes and kept trying to steer me towards the side door. I was so scared that I was probably on the brink of pissing myself. I looked to see if anyone was around, only to notice my two friends standing outside the bathroom door -- not doing anything while this man was forcing his body onto mine in a public place. They were the only people around and they were just standing there. Understandably, they later said they were confused as to what was happening and didn't know what to do. Thankfully, a movie lets out right in front of where the man has me trapped. Every single person passed by without so much as a second glance. Shit, I thought, I'm gonna get kidnapped. This man wouldn't take his eyes off of mine for a second, and pushed his chest against mine every time I looked around for help. I was too afraid to yell. Suddenly, a group of three guys (probably only around 15 or 16 years old) came straggling out of the theatre. They didn't notice me at first, but just as they were rounding the corner out of the lobby, one of them turned around and stared at me oddly. He mouthed "do you need help?", and I nodded as discreetly as I could. The guy came running up and threw his arm around my shoulders, saying things along the lines of "thanks for waiting, babe. You ready to go? That was a great movie, huh? I'm glad we went in the end. Who's this guy?!" The man instantly lets go of my hand, keeping his other hand in his pocket, and backs away quickly, mumbling how he just wanted a cigarette, and then he ran out of the emergency exit at the back of the lobby. My guy escorted me outside, and I was in such a state of shock that I think I just hugged him and ran away to my mom who had been waiting in the parking lot. I had been so sure that no one was going to help me, not even my friends, and in such a moment of panic I was really not thinking straight enough to follow the steps I should have (i.e. yell for help). Ever since, I've made an effort to make sure I'm aware of my surroundings just in case someone needs help but can't ask. Haven't "saved" anyone yet, but only time will tell! The extent of my "paying it forward" is saving girls from bad situations at the bar, nothing heroic yet, but hopefully I'll be able to help someone out when they really need it. So, Reddit, what has a stranger done for you that made you want to pay it forward? TL;DR: 14yo me didn't go to the bathroom after a movie, ended up wanting to piss my pants while being harassed by a man in the lobby. Random guy pretended to be my boyfriend, scaring off the creep and potentially saving my life. (I also just want to add, in case this guy is a redditor and remembers saving some girl that one time, a sincere thank you. It has haunted me since that night that I never thanked you for what you did. Thank you.)
19 years old, incredibly sketch looking (long hair, beard, piercings, the works) and I was with my best friend on a trip to New York from Vancouver, Canada. We were staying in Times Square but we went to a concert in Long Island and ended up taking really late transit home. Enter the crackheads. A man and a woman clearly addicted to drugs get on the train and sit across from my scrawny pale friend and my equally scrawny white self and start to inexplicably pick a fight with us, accusing us of making fun of them or something, I don't know, probably just an excuse to beat the shit out of us and maybe take whatever we have on us. The man becomes physically threatening when out of nowhere, an exceptionally large (probably 400 pounds+) black man with a thick New York accent says "Out of the way, fatty needs a seat" to me, temporarily defusing the situation. He then proceeds to pull jawbreakers out of his pocket and hands them to my friend and I while telling a story of the jawbreakers he used to steal from kids at school. When the crackhead gets beligerant again, the huge dude instantly changes the topic to his current bodyguard job and tells stories of smashing people's faces into cement walls and putting bad people into the hospital. The crackhead shut the fuck up and got his girlfriend off of the train at the next stop, and we rode the rest of the way back to the hotel with this awesome dude talking about our favourite candies and the fastest ways to get to the center of a jawbreaker. Very welcoming first night in New York!
I was working in a restaurant chain you have heard of if you live in the U.S., and the management were complete dicks. They all of a sudden decided that everyone had to work split shifts if they were working that day, they would give me write-ups for giving customers exactly what they asked for - in front of the customers - shit like that. So one day, the hot water was out. Completely. No hot water for washing hands, washing dishes, nothing. So here I am thinking 'Yeah, extra day off from this shithole' and told the manager. His response was that he didn't care. The staff reminded him of health code regulations, and he still did't care. So I promptly went to the bathroom and called the health department to file a complaint. They had an inspector there in under an hour, and shut the place down for the day. Justice, right? But it gets better - the manager starts getting crazier by the day. He starts suspending people for putting one extra slice of tomato on a salad, or not having the crease on the arm of their shirt continue into their cuff, really harsh punishments for very minor infractions. But the health code violations are getting worse. The hot water keeps going out, and occasionally power to one of the walk-in refrigerators would cut out, things like that. Well every time it would play out the same way. Something would go out, management would not close as they are required to do by law, I would call the health department - sometimes the inspector directly as I now had his cell number - and they would come out and shut the place down until the problem was fixed.
This just happened about 20 minutes ago in downtown Boston. I was at the corner of a major intersection waiting to cross when an adorable kid in his Sox garb pulled away from his texting mother and try to cross on his own. By the time I realized what was really happening the kid was about 10 feet in front of an armored data tape truck which based on how high the cab is I don't think the driver could have even seen the kid if he was looking. A girl who looked like she was about 25 stepped into the street and lifted the kid up by the arm and pulled him back onto the curb as the truck skidded to a stop. I was shocked and impressed, I had watched the whole thing happened and in no way could have responded so quickly. Well instead of thanking the woman that just stopped her child from dying in front of her the mother went absolutely bonkers. She started screaming "How dare you touch my child" along with a string of obscenities. The young woman kept her cool for about 30 seconds of screaming before telling the mom that next time she'd just let the kid get hit before storming off. So reddit - what are you best stories of public stupidity?
A couple of weeks ago, I watched a mother try to drag her toddler in one of those smaller, flimsy cloth strollers onto an escalator. It was around 5 PM in an area where there's a lot of 9-5 business folk, so there was a line of about 5 people waiting to get on the escalator. Instead of taking the elevator that's literally 20 feet away, she lifts up the kid, still in the stroller, and tips up the front end of it to balance it between two of the moving steps. The stroller gets caught on the side, and the kid falls foward, landing face-first into the metal edge of the upper step. Cue everyone, who is kinda watching in slow motion awe-horror, take in this collective breath as we wait for the kid to get some fingers chopped off or lose an eye or something. Kid starts WAILING and the mom just stands there, propping the stroller up. The guy ahead of them turns around and helps the poor toddler up, who now has a bright red mark smack on her forehead. The guy says "seriously lady? You could've killed your kid." while doing his best to make sure the kid isn't bleeding and/or seriously injured in some way. Woman goes "GET YOUR HANDS OFF MY CHILD" and makes a big huff about people needing to mind their own business. Minor stupidity I guess but I've heard horror stories about escalators and children my whole life, I THOUGHT IT WAS INGRAINED THAT YOU DON'T DO THAT SHIT.
So I lived in an apartment with three other girls, one of whom was pretty into drugs. She started off just doing coke recreationally, but soon it became a daily thing. Anyway, she developed a pretty nasty addiction which went on for a few months. During this time, she got with this other druggie dude and had unprotected sex with him like fives times in one weekend, full cream pie each time. She was very scared she was pregnant (durr), but all she could do was hang out and wait a few weeks. And then this happened. Our buddy Johnny was over hanging out when she walks out of the bathroom looking like she's just seen a ghost. We ask her what's up, and she says she thinks she had a miscarriage. She said it felt like she took a shit and then there was blood and skin tissue in the toilet. But then it gets worse. She says that's not all. Since she thought she was pregnant, she had ODed on coke every night the past week in an attempt to force a miscarriage. I am stunned at this point how anyone could be so insane and all-around irresponsible. But then it gets worse. We kind of let the issue pass, until my crazy roommate does her coke with a more experienced friend who says, "Hey this isn't coke...." They test it, and turns out she's been snorting meth and baking soda daily for months.
A few years ago, I went to visit my grandparents in India. They live in a small town, which is very old and quaint. People often let their pet dogs walk around the town by themselves. When my grandparents have leftover scraps of food, they leave them outside on a bowl so that these neighborhood dogs can have a treat. However, it's usually pigeons and/or crows that eat it up first. So one day, I was sitting outside the house, and a crow swooped down to eat some of the food. I don't know why, but for some reason I made a loud "CAWW" sound (like a crow makes). Instantly, this crow looks up like "wut?" So I make the sound again. This crow freaks out. It starts cawwing too. Two more crows fly down from the opposite roof. I'm feeling awesome, so I call my grandma and cousin out, and continue cawwing. Within two or three minutes, I kid you not, we had around 30-40 crows gathered in the area, all cawwing. I just kept on going with it, and after about 5 minutes, there were roughly 50 crows on the ground and 20 on the opposite roof. To this day, my cousin still calls me The Crow Whisperer. TL;DR: I summoned about 70 crows to my side just by making a "CAWW"ing sound. EDIT: In answer to some of these questions: I did it two more times during that trip, to show my friends. Worked just as well each time! I came back home to America, and tried it here in my backyard, when I saw two crows; it didn't work at all. The American crows didn't even look up... may have been on to something with the whole "regional dialects" theory. Interesting stuff... I'm going back to India again this year, and although it's been about 5 years, I'm gonna try it again. And this time I'll record it for you guys! Here's hoping it works!
There's a game we made up as teenagers. You just shuffle a deck of cards, and everybody takes turns picking the top card. Depending on the suit of the card you had either do truth (hearts), dare (diamonds), drink a shot (spades), or remove an article of clothing (clubs). So it was basically truth or dare, strip poker, and every drinking game ever invented all combined. Then there was the other game we played where each suit represent mouth (hearts), hands (diamonds), eyes (spades), and genitals (clubs). And the rank of the card represented a list of the thirteen body parts. Ace (genitals), 2 (feet), 3 (legs), 4 (butt), 5 (stomach), 6 (lowerback) 7 (chest), 8 (upperback), 9 (arns), 10 (hands) Jack (neck), queen (ears), and King (mouth). Then basically, you would spin the bottle to pick a "victim", and they would have to pick a card. Depending on the suit/rank, they would have to perform the random combination of acts. It was weird when you got the 6 of hearts and had to kiss someone's ass. But every guy wanted the ace of clubs. :-)
In college, my friend was driving my car and not paying attention. We got to a T-intersection on the highway, and he looked up at the last minute. "Shit, where'd the road go???" was the last thing I heard before we literally flew off the end of the road. There was a 45 degree embankment, and we flew through the tops of several trees before spinning around and landing in a farm field at the bottom. The car was obviously totaled, we climbed out of the windows unscathed. The farmer came out to survey for bodies. It turns out we were the fourth car ever to come down that way, and the first to survive. Edit: More info: To those wondering about the four accidents, yes, there was signage and a guardrail, but we weren't paying attention. The four accidents occurred, according to the farmer, over 26 years, so no immediate demand for marking it better. And, to make matters more unbelievable, the vehicle was a 1980 Ford Pinto. Edit 2: Location. We were approaching highway 4 near Fort Ridgley in Minnesota from the road on the right. You can see that since we went dead on straight ahead, instead of turning toward the right, we missed the road completely and went through the wire barrier and trees to the bottom. here is the view from head-on.
I own my own gym and have for a few years now. I received a message one day from a familiar looking name on the business' Facebook page from a women asking to come try us out. We set it up, she comes in for an introduction, she's a very very large and out of shape woman at this point. After about 5 minutes of working with it her, it hits me that this lady used to be about half her current size and was an absolute b___ in her hay day. I decided not to bring it up to her as she appeared to be struggling in life and came to us in a time of need and I took it, as I do with all of my clients, as a cry for help. Not to mention, I'm a grown man now and that seemed pretty silly and insignificant in life today. Months later during one of the classes, I noticed her struggling real hard so I go over to offer some encouragement. As I leaned down to say something to her, I notice she's crying faintly to herself. She looks up at me and quietly says "Sorry for how nasty I was to you years ago and thank you for doing this for me." Turns out an old mutual friend told her about my place and she recognized me as the owner and came to me on purpose. No, not a story of revenge or retribution, but, she reached out to someone she was terrible to and today, she's re-purposed and I find it to be quite inspiring.
I worked at a major aquarium caring for amphibians, reptiles, and fish. We had piranhas, which normally got along just fine. One time one of them developed an eye infection, and the others started to pick it at. If we had let it go on much longer, I'm pretty sure they would have eaten it. Instead the eye was amputated, and the fish got along just fine. I also cared for an anaconda, and had to feed it once a week. Most of the time, it wasn't too hard to deal with. I would just bring a (thawed) dead rabbit or rat in and hold it outstretched using one of those trash grabbers. The anaconda would come over, coil back for a second, and then strike, taking the food underwater to slowly swallow it. One time the anaconda was preparing to shed (a long process) and its eyes were hazed over and cloudy. When I came in to feed it that week, it came straight at me instead of at the rabbit. It was pretty spooky. I had to basically hit it across the face with the rabbit before it stopped, realized where the food was, and took it.
Ok, I run a website design site. On 2009 February, McAfee’s siteadvisor.com flagged one of my sites as “not safe” and anyone with McAfee virus scanner or toolbar is now told it has a virus and is blocked from visiting it (existing users have emailed me daily about this too). What actually happened is they basically pulled links to all executable files on my hosting. They then run it via their virus scanner with heuristic scanning turned ON. What this basically means is that any file which McAfee scanner "thinks" is a virus is now flagged as one. Anyway, so they found a file on my domain and tagged it as virus called “Search threat library”. Their result is based on guesswork because it says on the page: “In our tests, this download contained programs some people would consider adware, spyware or other potentially unwanted programs.” Thank you, that’s not vague at all! Now the reason I know this file cannot be a virus is because I compiled it myself (with Delphi) and was not a public download either. So, I wrote to them, their support told me they’ll re-scan my website. I waited patiently for weeks but the flag was not removed. Being a small webmaster, I said fuck it and I just deleted the file from my server this time (to a 404 page). Wrote to them again (this was few months ago). They did not even reply this time. I emailed them a few more times to finally get another canned reply that my site will be queued again for scanning. I patiently waited for weeks again but nothing happened. So now I am basically being punished for something I never did and a file which doesn't even exist on my server for the last six months. Then one day it suddenly hit me.. You see the thing is McAfee siteadvisor.com also sells these hacker-safe certificates to websites for $360 / year. With that in picture, this whole fucking thing just makes sense. This is just a ploy to sell those certificates. In internet-speak, this is how it works: * Find and flag random files as a generic virus (based on some guesswork scanning) * Flag the entire domain for hosting viruses and start blocking visitors to it. * Domain owner buys *hacker-safe* certificates for an inane $360/year to get site re-tested. * Profit! My option now is to either buy their $360 hacker-safe badge or keep losing more business everyday.. I’m a small webmaster, even if they turn 10 people away daily, it hurts me bad :( I do not have the resources to hire a lawyer or send them legal notices either. So, I can buy their stupid certificate but I have been waiting patiently since 2009 February to resolve this and being strong armed into buying their stupid certificate after all this time will be so fucking very unfair. So I'm posting here as my last ditch attempt. I'm desperate for ideas, Reddit. What are my options? Please help me.. edit: I can see this on the front page. woohoo! Hopefully someone from McAfee will see it now and reply. Also I don't mind if a blogger wants to contact me for more details to write about this little scam too. I've also emailed all details to AHhHhh_shit and he has also been a lot of help. My site has been listed on McAfee ever since 2009 Feb and finally i'm beginning to see some hope that someone will at least hear my case! Thank you again Reddit for being awesome. edit 2: the editors of two leading tech blogs just contacted me for details last night (replying now). Also, a lot of people have replied (or PMed me) with their own sites and similar stories which only makes me happy that this is finally getting some attention. I wrote to McAfee again (as per turnipsoup's advise) but it will take two business days before we hear from them. I am amazed with the advice and help Reddit has offered me. I will definitely post an update too if something happens. edit 3: my site is finally green again.. woohoo! reddit did it. Everyone who mailed/contacted McAfee on my behalf thank you! I have waited almost an year for this to happen and you guys did it in less than 2 days. I really can't thank you guys enough for your support. I'm feeling very happy and very proud to be a part of this awesome community. This proves that reddit > mcafee.. actually reddit > everything. and redditors are awesome!
This is the original post made by a redditor called Lurial about two years ago. While those cheats may be awesome, it's about time we got some new ones up there and i'm sure there are more than 30 cheat codes we could all use. I've messaged Bacongobbler - A redditor who makes AmA's into comprehensive, easy to read and straightforward lists about doing the same with the cheat codes so they're easier to read. That's about it, I'll start us off: When you go to a restaurant where they bring you your drink in a cup/glass, ask for no ice or for ice on the side. Often what they do is load your drink with ice so that it seems as if there's more in there, especially at bars. When you pour soda, pour it along the side of the cup instead of directly into it - like they do at bars. This keeps alot of the "fizzyness" in the drink and as a result, it keeps a lot of the texture and flavor. If you need to withdraw more money than your limit, if you do it quickly enough, you can withdraw your limit twice from the same ATM and sometimes the one next to it before it stops you from withdrawing any more. Thanks for your submissions! EDIT: Woah! Front page! Bacongobbler replied and said he'd be able to make the list sometime today. Thanks Again Everyone, these are some awesome cheat codes :D EDIT 2: Bacongobbler's put up his easy-to-read version of this post [here] (http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/uou6z/update_i_was_requested_to_compile_all_of_the/).
Only 52, but still "older" as far as Reddit goes. Technology has affected every area of my life. I grew up WAY out in the wilds of NC, and can remember having a "party line," and how technologically wonderful it was when we got our own phone with no one else using it (and that one was in the kitchen with a long-ass cord). I remember telling my mom one day we wouldn't need money, only a card like the one she used at the gas station, and she laughed and laughed, and said I should quit watching so much Star Trek. Best day ever was when I gave her a cell phone (she became addicted to it). Biggest technology wonders in my 52 years, definitely communications. Work has changed dramatically... I started as a medical receptionist and learned an antique, handwritten system for keeping track of the money (in 1979), and the last system I learned was a completely comprehensive computer system that kept track of everything, and I mean EVERYTHING...I love it all, especially the internet. Hell, just being able to answer your question is marvelous. How has technology affected me? It's kept me sharp, kept me informed, and mostly, it's kept me in touch with the world (albeit, Reddit can be a pretty strange world.
And also, advice from Ladies whose Fathers failed in this area. What actions / habits should I work most to avoid? I'm also open to advice from other Fathers who maintain strong relationships with their little girls. I just want to be the best Daddy I can be. Thanks EDIT #1- Wow! I'm blown away by all of your responses. Thank you all for the detailed and incredible stories and advice. It's going to take me a while to read through them all but I promise that I will read EVERY SINGLE ONE. I'm also journaling the common high points and tidbits that really stand out to me. I feel hearing your perspectives will greatly help me be the best Father I can be to my daughter. I'm a man and my mind works like a man! Hearing from all of you gives me insight that I could never have otherwise. I feel like I'm able to look behind the curtain right now! Thank you again! EDIT #2- I am still reading! If you take the time to comment on this post, I guarantee you I will read it. It may take me a day or two, but I will. I'm keeping this thread forever. Now I'm off to pick my little girl up from school. I have a 10 month old little boy too. I work long days so that I can take off on Fridays and keep him (just me and him). I also did this with my little girl until she started school this year. Anyway, I'm getting ready to take my little girl out on a daddy daughter date. We are going to go see record Wreck it Ralph (she's been asking for months!) and probably go eat some ice cream or something :-)
I am 33 years old and still, to this day, look up to my father. He is amazing and we still talk almost everyday. Over the years I have thought a lot about why we are so close and I think there are a few reasons. My Dad included me in his activities. When my older brother bought a 66 Mustang to restore, I was about 7 and my Dad made sure I was in the garage learning how to change spark plugs and oil. We watched basketball games together and he showed me how to paint model cars. He never felt that because I was a girl I couldn't interact with him on a hobby level. He also, though, listened to and appreciated what I liked. I was in ballet for 13 years, and he was always at every recital, cheering me on. He wrote notes and left them in my lunch. He rarely yelled at me, but I knew when I disappointed him because he would look down, sadly, and say nothing. That was the worst. But the biggest thing is how he treated my mom, and still does. He adores my mom. He opens doors for her, he still brings her flowers, and I loved how he was with my mom. He always just seemed so natural in everything he did. He got colon cancer in 05 and it was devastating for me. It was long while he went through chemo, etc, but he is alive and well now. Looking back, I love that my Dad always respected me, even when I was young. Never treated me as a lesser. Rambled, but hope that helps. I have two daughters of my own, and I love watching my husband have his father-daughter relationships with them!
I'll tell my awkward story. I was a customer. My wife had just had a horrible miscarriage. She had been bleeding horribly for days and finally went the hospital to have a D and C. So afterward my wife sent me to go get underwear because she had ruined all of hers. So the nearest place I can find is Victoria secret. I was trying to figure out number size compared to letter size and looking through the cotton panties when the sales person comes up and asked if I needed help. I explain that I'm trying to find something for my wife and am trying to figure out sizes. She then truss to be helpful and leads me to the sexy underwear. Now this had been our fifth miscarriage. It was by far the worst because of how far along we were. I had always shown very little emotion because I needed to be the rock for my wife who struggled a lot. So when she tried to turn me from what I was doing, no matter how well intentioned, something snapped. I just started to tell her what was going on and tears started to well up and before you know it I was sobbing. I'm 6'5" and barrel chested. Most people assumed I was a biker at the time because of my beard. So there, sitting on the floor, on a pool of his own tears is this gigantic man in the middle of a bunch of lingerie. The poor girl was freaking out like she had done the worst thing in the world and got a manager.
I attended the season finale in 2011 with Timberlake and Gaga. If you've never gone, I'd highly recommend trying to get tickets if you're in New York. Even if you're not normally a fan of SNL, it's a pretty cool experience. First and foremost, the atmosphere is completely different than sitting in your living room. Everything is immediately funnier, and because you're laughing along with an entire crowd, it all seems hilarious. The cast doesn't realize how unfunny they sometimes are. In between scenes, it's very very busy. There's stage hands, makeup, cast members, and techs all running around to get it ready for air. It's a live show, no delays, so everything needs to be done quickly and efficiently. It really is a well oiled machine. Through the magic of television as well, the studio looks a lot larger on TV than it really is. The main train station set is in the middle. The musical guest's set is to the left, and there's a set to the right that's more semi permanent. It's used only once or twice during the show, as they usually make a mess there (note: this is the only place Chris Farley was allowed to perform). The majority of scenes are done in front of the train station set, with different backgrounds carried in. This is also where Weekend Update is done, as well as why the credits sequence is so long: they have to move the set from the dry open sketch before the monologue starts.
Relationship hacks: When she's not around, go check the labels on her shoes, shirts, pants, bra, and underwear. Measure one of her necklaces to see what length she likes. Pocket one of her rings, take it to a jeweler and have them tell you what size it is. Write all of these sizes down. At some point she will ask you to buy tampons for her. It happens. When you go to the store, buy 3 small packages of her brand. Give her one and hide the other two in your car (near the spare tire, she'll never look there). Next time she asks you to buy her some you can just go to the bar and have a beer instead of actually going to the store. Never buy a diamond. Cubic zirconia and moissanite look just as good, and man-made diamonds are getting easier to find every year. Edit: To clarify #3, there doesn't need to be any deception. It's just stupid to pay $1500 for a worthless rock. Go buy a $300 ring, propose, if she says yes then tell her that you bought a ring with a synthetic stone because you don't enjoy funding civil wars. If you still feel the obligation to verify your love with a poor financial decision, give her a $1200 gift certificate to a bridal store. Edit2: I thought of another one: 4) If your SO likes to spoon, but you're not in the mood to cuddle with a thermonuclear device, just follow wreckemtech's handy MS Paint guide to Faux Spooning. If you're still too hot, stick your free foot out of the covers. She'll think you were snuggling all night, when really you were sleeping comfortably, or possibly laying there trying to estimate your heat transfer coefficient.
My Netflix Instant account was hacked two years ago, but the person left the password unchanged, and used the account in secret. A little later I realized because of all the 'recently watched' was none of my movies. Ever since then this man/woman and I have been adding things to the que so the other can watch it. We put in movies and let the other rate it, the rating is like our way of saying wether we liked the movie or not. The person has never contacted me. I assume he/she has my email though, because they hacked my account. I am content going the rest of my life never seeing or talking to this person. I have this picture of them in my head, I don't want to be dissapointed. Maybe you had a long conversation with a wrong number or a crazy omegle story. Anything! edit: Wow guys this is beyond me how this thread made it to the front page. Never thought this story would be that interesting, guess I was wrong. I never really thought about changing the password, that would just ruin the fun! No, I haven't been contacted by anyone serious. Must not be a redditor. Thanks fellow humans of reddit for the front page, cheers!
The organization I work for is one of the largest employers in the country, their annual profits (public information) could fund a small country, or purchase half of Africa, for obvious reasons that is all I'm going to say to indicate the scale of this matter. A few months ago, a form circulated through nearly every major department. We were given no explanation on what this form was for, even when asking managers etc. Their responses were always vague and something along the lines of "it's for training purposes." I tried to politely decline filling out one of these forms which required all kinds of personal information but was told in no uncertain terms "I had to" - now I know in a perfect world I would have stuck it to the man, but I have rent to pay and I get dizzy if I don't eat at least twice every 24 hours. First world problems! Today, the reason we were "forced" to sign this form became apparent (to me at least) - a small group of employees from my department were invited into a room to complete the aforementioned "training." Now this training was supposed to have taken place over a period of months - which they illegally back dated all the paper work to reflect. A facilitator was supposed to monitor and observe our competencies and have us complete a number of practical tasks as well as fill out some written short answer questions, multiple choice, standard stuff. Instead, they had us fraudulently complete the assessments by feeding us the answers, filling in all the sections with competent where the trainer should have, place back dates and numerous other fallacies all over this thing, and then sign, date it and hand it back like it was nothing to worry about. Here is the kicker, for every hour spent by this imaginary facilitator over the imaginary period of imaginary months, observing us and training us to be competent in this particular area, they are receiving government funding, subsidization and kick backs. Now don't get me wrong I know it's pretty commonplace for corporations to make their training "fool proof" pad it out and do some spoon feeding. But straight up lying and then making your employees a party to it, all under the guise of something very vague in an environment where major line managers are there and it's unbelievably uncomfortable to be the guy who says "Hey, something is not right here" - which I did at stage 1 on multiple occasions only to be shot down is not something anyone should have to endure in a professional environment. I'm kind of at a loss as to what I should do, am I over reacting and being an asshat about this? I consider myself to be a more or less good person, I value morals, you can sugar coat it and say who cares or whatever but at the end of the day, this is pure and simple. A massive corporation fraudulently acquiring government kickbacks, which taxpayers then have to foot the bill for, when said company already makes squillions more than necessary for any one to be happy with. I feel like I've been made an accessory to some greedy low act and I am not happy about it. I don't know whether to try and ask someone about it, I have a feeling that would go badly. I could try to deal with it internally, I also have a feeling that would go very badly, and know from experience that it has for others in the past. Or I could go to an independent watchdog type organization and become a full on whistleblower.... Conflicted, help me reddit, what do? This is not sitting right with me at all. PS. Did some very approximate number crunching based on the limited information that I do have for sure, if they did this with all the staff in my department alone which is a small fragment of the total organization, they would stand to gain in excess of $1.7million in tax payer funds. Multiply that out across the entire organization, I cringe at the very idea of what that final number would be.
EDIT: Dammit, you're Australian? Well they probably have similar laws there. Also, if they are an international corporation (listed on a US stock exchange), these laws might help you a bit anyhow. And here is some Australian-specific info that might help you. It's probably still worth it to get a lawyer. EDIT: Please read all the comments. There are a lot of things to consider before you blow the whistle, and the fact is that no one knows whether reporting will help you or hurt you. The info I give you is solely to inform your decision. Hi, jrouble. I'm not an expert, but I recently participated in a project on whistleblowers. I am a law student, so I am obligated to say that none of this should be construed as legal advice. Here's some useful stuff from the SEC. More from the National Whistleblowers Center. EDIT: The National Whistleblowers Center is a great resource. I suggest you fully explore their website. I'm really hesitant to give you advice because I technically can't. But here's some stuff that I'm pretty sure about.
I've had a horrible helicopter parent week so this thread makes me feel like I'm in good (?) company and am not alone. The power that these parents have in coming into the classroom and changing how things are done is scary. I had 3 kids who were caught turning in the same paper and after giving them zeros for the assignment they got their parents to form a witch hunt. One of the parents rallied all the other parents in the class who all came in to hold a meeting about me and how I teach, even though none of them have been in my class or have talked with me personally. This is a highly advanced class and the LOWEST grade is a C which is really amazing. I'm actually super proud of all of them. Anyway, parents got the administration to have me allow them to redo the paper (essentially showing that I have zero authority for grades or to uphold high standards) AND I now must be extra evaluated because of the things these parents say I do in my class. Meanwhile I still have to teach these kids and act as a professional toward them, which I will. This behavior is unacceptable as a parent.
I was fishing with my Dad off the coast of Mallorca in Spain when I was about 15. It was really warm and we weren't catching anything much, so we got some snorkels and went for a swim around to see if we could see anything interesting, ( it was only about 20 feet deep). Around these cave-like rocks I spotted what looked like a dead body. I started trying to dive down, but I'm not a super strong swimmer so when I would get to about 10 feet away from it I would have to come back up for air. Eventually my Dad gets to it and I was diving and watching and diving and watching, thinking fuck fuck fuck fuck.... And he was wriggling a rock trying to free it. It starts to float towards the surface and my Dad follows. Right in front of my face a half melted slimy life size plastic Santa bobs out of the water. Weird thing is I'm not sure Spanish people even really have santa as part of their christmas decorations. I'm glad I was in the sea because I'm pretty sure I peed my pants. My Dad thought it was hilarious. He put melty-dead-guy-Santa in to the boat to show my mom. About a week later I woke up and it was in my bed.
I'm not an American, but I'd like to offer a European perspective, and maybe explain why our reaction to the Pledge ranges from mild discomfort through disgust to outright horror. It comes down to the distinction between patriotism and nationalism. It's not news that there is a fine line between these two ideologies, but what seems like patriotism to an American can seem like Nationalism to many Europeans. The thing is, the rise of fascism and the Second World War are still a huge part of the national psyche for most European nations, not to mention the Soviet era. Of course, America suffered in the war too, and I don't want to downplay that. But America didn't have foreign troops occupying its mainland, didn't have bombs dropping on its cities, didn't have its political institutions subverted into dictatorship. Americans saw the concentration camps as the 3rd Reich fell, but didn't see their neighbours being dragged into the street, or feel the broken glass crunch under their feet. Even though only the older generation has first-hand recollection of these things, we are all powerfully aware of them. Most of Europe has an ingrained horror of anything resembling fascism or nationalism. There is an unspoken fear that what happened before could somehow happen again.
Okay, explained like you're a five year-old (well, okay, maybe a bit older), without too much oversimplification, and (hopefully) without sounding too biased: What people call "Obamacare" is actually the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (abbreviated to PPACA or ACA). However, people were calling it "Obamacare" before everyone even hammered out what it would be. It's a term that was, at first, mostly used by people who didn't like the PPACA, and it's become popularized in part because PPACA is a really long and awkward name, even when you turn it into an acronym like that. Barack Obama has since said that he actually likes the term "Obamacare" because, he says, "I do care". Anyway, the PPACA made a bunch of new rules regarding health care, with the purpose of making health care more affordable for everyone. Opponents of the PPACA, on the other hand, feel that the rules it makes take away too many freedoms and force people (both individuals and businesses) to do things they shouldn't have to. So what does it do? Well, here is everything, in the order of when it goes into effect (because some of it happens later than other parts of it): (Note: Page numbers listed in citations are the page numbers within the PDF, not the page numbers of the document itself)
Below is a hand-picked collection of outstanding explanations from this subreddit. Each linked answer is not only informative and correct, but written in terms that an elementary school student would legitimately understand. If you find an equally exceptional explanation not on this list, make a base-level comment on this thread and it will be considered for addition. Read and enjoy! Economics Debt in a Money-Based Economy by Hapax_Legoman Expansionary Monetary Policy by GOD_Over_Djinn Libertarianism by AmazingSyco Stocks and the Stock Market by CarlH Trust Funds by The_Cleric History JFK Assassination by Didji World War I by Axon350 Literature and the Arts The Catcher in the Rye by TrouserDemon Baroque vs. Classical vs. Romantic Music by HellOnTheReddit Mathematics and Logic Anything to the Zero is One by LordAurora Bases by Didji Chaos Theory by Captain_Kittenface Crash Course in Logic by gmanp Manifolds and the Poincaré Conjecture by flabbergasted1 Negative Times Negative Equals Positive by lampochka_returns Occam's Razor by OtherSideReflections P versus NP by flabbergasted1 Riemann Hypothesis by flabbergasted1 Philosophy & Religion Existentialism and Nihilism by Semiel Islam by meowtiger Nietzsche by plaidpant The Qur'an by dottxt Recent Events London Riots (August 2011) by chetney Phone Hacking Scandal (August 2011) by Didji The US Drops from AAA to AA+ (August 2011) by uriman What If Greece Defaults (October 2011) by duckymf SOPA (November 2011) by flabbergasted1 Reddit The Front Page by flabbergasted1 Vote Fuzzing by kissmyapp Science Domesticating Animals by josh6499 Fire by Balestar The Nervous System by Scriptorius Space-Time by 4x4prints The Speed of Light by Avedomni Plasma by wiz3n Technology Buffer Overflow by UnitedStatesSenate Cell Phones by The_Cleric Electronic Ink by GSnow Hashing by AndreasTPC HTTP by The_Cleric Internet by EdgeOfDreams ISPs by Didji .JPEG vs. .PNG by asokoloski LCD vs. LED vs. Plasma by unndunn Linux vs. Windows vs. OS X by TickTak Net Neutrality by Didji Programming Languages by chipbuddy U.S. Politics The Debt Ceiling by The_Cleric Liberalism vs. Conservatism by Didji "Obamacare" by Didji World Politics Africa by bkoatz Fascism by blackstar9000 The Israel-Palestine Conflict: Part 1, Part 2 by nathanite North Korea by elloelloello Wikileaks by Devistator Credit to adrianix for coming up with the title.
Questions here are supposed to be covering complex topics that are difficult to understand, where simplifying the answer for a layperson is necessary. So why are we flooding the sub with simple knowledge questions? This sub is for explaining the Higgs Boson or the effect of black holes on the passage of time, not telling why we say "shotgun" when we want the passenger seat in a car. EDIT: Alright, I thought my example would have been sufficient, but it's clear that I need to explain a little. My problem is that questions are being asked where there is no difference between an expert answer and a layman answer. In keeping with the shotgun example, that holds true-- People call the front passenger seat by saying 'shotgun' because, in the ages of horses and carts, the person sitting next to the one driving the horses was the one armed to protect the wagon. There is no way for that explanation to be any more simple or complex than it already is. Thus, it has no reason to be in a sub built around a certain kind of answer in contrast to another.
Yep. Somehow I feel that if I try asking for someone to ELI5 what an Ergative Absolute language is (honestly, someone mind helping me?), I'll just get downvoted in favor of something like "ELI5 why I am required to wear a seatbelt by law even though it affects no one but me?" You know, a question that we mods have to give the benefit of the doubt to, but we know is just a thinly-vielled soapbox question. Or something really trivially easy that people can just google, or something trivially...dumb, I guess? A lot of completely opinion-based ones that essentially boil down to "Why do people like X?" or "Why DON'T people like X?" or "Why do people find X so Y?" Or "Why is not acceptable/not acceptable to X?" And so on. It's kinda turning away from being a place where you can see really simple explanations for complex topics that you could never quite grasp, and towards more...generic bullshit. It's difficult for us mods to do anything about it. To strike a good balance. There is also an amount of disagreeing within the mods themselves. Personally, I think a good solution would be to require people to specify what exactly they found confusing. This would drive home the point that this is supposed to be a place for things you could never quite wrap your head around, or for things where you can't separate the important stuff from the unimportant fluff.
Before the current version of the Matrix, the machines created other versions. The first was a "Perfect World Scenario" where everybody was happy and life was good. Human psyche could not handle this overload of perfection and rejected the program. People couldn't believe it was real. The second Matrix was a "Nightmare Scenario", wars raged so as to appease the sadistic nature of humanity. This was also a failure because people couldn't accept it. The solution was found by The Oracle. She concluded, that if people were given a choice to accept or reject the Matrix (even if they weren't aware they were being given that choice), they would overwhelmingly accept the program anyway. Of course that this acceptance was not universal. A small number of people would still reject the Matrix. If left unchecked in the system, these people behaved like a virus, making other people aware that they lived in a fake world, destabilizing the whole system. They had to be removed. That's why The Architect allowed Zion to survive, to preserve the Matrix and to remove the people that were aware that they were inside a program. But this in turn created the problem of controlling Zion. If left unchecked, the city would eventually grow too powerful. For that purpose, the Architect and The Oracle created the concept of The One. Every time Zion grew too big (around 250.000 people I think), The One would be born. The One carried an important part of code from the Matrix (the Prime Program) that gave him a greater form of control over the Matrix (aka Neo's Powers).
A long time ago, a man named Hank in Michigan started to build cars. People liked his cars, but Hank was in Michigan and didn't know many people in New Jersey or own a space to sell to individuals in New Jersey. So, he found one guy in New Jersey named Dan who he could sell to because Dan did know a lot of people and Dan owned a big lot to show cars on. Dan bought a lot of cars with his own money in bulk for his dealership, which he then sold to the public one at a time for profit. This was good for Hank because he didn't have to find individual customers in New Jersey to sell his cars to, and it was good for Dan because he already knew the individual customers and could sell Hank's cars for a profit. Eventually though, Hank saw Dan making a profit, and got greedy. Hank figured that now that Dan had already hooked people on his cars in New Jersey, he could just sell directly to the public in Dan's town to cut Dan out and make more money for himself. This was big trouble for Dan because not only would he be out of a job in the future, but he also wouldn't be able to sell the cars he had already bought from Hank if Hank started selling them cheaper. Oh No! BUT Dan's lived in New Jersey a long time, and he went to see his friends Dave and Dean who were Hank's dealers in other New Jersey towns. Dan told Dave and Dean that Hank wanted to sell directly to customers in his town, and that Hank would probably do it in their towns too.
Real Simplified Version: PRISM is a tool used by the NSA that allows analysts to view data ("foreign intelligence") collected by legal methods. Edit 5: I apologize that this edit precedes the rest of the post, but much of the information from the original post has proven itself to be "outdated" (read: inaccurate) insofar as it incorrectly attributed power to PRISM, when it is at most a part of the whole. To be strictly correct, PRISM ("Planning Tool for Resource Integration, Synchronization, and Management") itself is simply the name of a tool used to access data gathered by the NSA by presumably legal means (in accordance with FISA / Protect America Act). I have now edited the post for accuracy. Be aware that as more information has come out, much of the related speculation has been disproved, at least so far as PRISM itself is concerned, and the articles upon which this post was originally based are themselves no longer the latest information on the subject. Ok, for now I've finished editing. I've removed all the inaccurate information I could find, and replaced most of the original post with the most accurate information I could find, to the best of my knowledge. Please bring any inaccuracies you find to my attention.
Netflix may well get more expensive, as they signed their first round of content contracts early on, when no one expected Netflix to boom. Those contracts were comparatively cheap. (Here's a graph of how their content costs are rising fast.) They are somewhat protected now by their large number of subscribers. Cable operators, on the other hand, have to buy content by the channel, and channels are bundled together by contract and contractually placed in their tiers. For example, you probably pay $4/mo for ESPN. In this case, the channel model is established, and content providers do not want to move to a la carte bundling (where you pay for only the channels you want). Cable also covers current events that Netflix can't (you can't get news coverage, live sports, etc.), though these outlets are finding competition (to varying degrees) by the internet. Finally, Netflix gets to offer the cool shows after cable and the content providers have already funded their creation. Netflix can't exist in its current format without cable (hence why they are funding their own shows). Netflix is still somewhat priced as a value add-on for content creators, though new content contracts show that future pricing will be based as part of the total value expectation for content (so movie income will be based on its ability to draw viewers at theatres, buyers of DVDs, eyeballs on cable, as well as downloads on Netflix.
I discovered some years ago that the point of most advertising at a certain marque level was not to acquire new customers, but to retain them or even stop "buyer's regret". For example, BMW pretty much never expect somebody to see one of their adverts and think "Oh, that car looks good, I'll buy one of those!", because who the hell makes a purchasing decision of that size based on advertising? Most of their advertising is actually focused on people who recently bought one of their cars and is sat there thinking how much of a Ford or GM they could have got for 40% less. It prevents buyer's regret, and pushes them from just a buyer into a brand-loyal fan. It also enhances brand value in general, which is critical when establishing how much your brand is worth financially. Brand value is where Coca-Cola come in. Frequently in the UK people will say "it feels like Christmas now", once the "Christmas is coming" Coke ad with santa on lorries going through town is aired. Think about how powerful that is: people associate the celebration of the Messiah's birth, or perhaps the most intense emotional experience of the year that you can point to on a calendar, with a can of sugar water. When you hear "Coke", you immediately think of the colours of the can, the taste of the drink, and have an emotional response which is probably very happy, positive and affirming. That's what a lifetime of Coca-Cola telling you what they stand for has done to you.
Nigeria (English Speaking) - The most populated African country at 160+ million. The country has an extraordinary amount of oil wealth, but it is also one of the most corrupt countries on earth so most of it has been squandered. It is a giant on the continent. Nigerians are found in large numbers throughout the continent, and are sometimes seen as a bit of a menace/drain in the countries they inhabit. South Africa (English Speaking) - The economic giant of the continent, it has a much higher standard of living than most of the rest of the continent, however there are still huge swathes of population living in abject poverty. Johannesburg alone accounts for 10% of the entire economy of the entire continent. Gold and mineral wealth abounds, diamonds and a healthy manufacturing sector contribute to it's wealth. It is also notable for the fairly large (~12%) white population. Unfortunately it is run by a horribly inept and entrenched government, also corrupt. Ethiopia (Amharic Speaking)- Is another giant in terms of population, but is incredibly poor, with a very undeveloped agricultural economy. However, it seems to exert a lot of influence across the continent, (heading up the African Union for example). Ethiopia has one of the most distinct cultures on the continent, with the only written dialect originating on the African continent. It was also the only Sub-Saharan African country to not be fully colonized by a European power.
I'll actually try to explain this like you're five, because that doesn't ever seem to happen on here anymore. Aaron Swartz was a man who was a part of a whoooole lot of really cool things. He helped to make a thing called "RSS" which helps people learn all the stuff they want to without going to all the different websites that that takes. It's like if you want to make a sandwich, but normally you'd have to go to a bread store, a meat store, a cheese store, and a vegetable store. RSS makes it so you can get that all at once (and enjoy your sandwich much more easily). Aaron also was part of a group of guys who helped give out information from "PACER", which is a big system full of information about what happened at courts. But, even though all of this information should have been free, they charged people for it. Imagine if each time you asked your teacher a question you had to pay a quarter. Even though that's their job, and it should be free, they made you pay. Well that sure did make some law-people mad. They started to investigate Aaron, but eventually stopped when they realized Aaron was right. Aaron did some more stuff, too. You know this website you're on? Aaron was a big part of it at the very beginning. A lot of people call him one of the founders, but that's not entirely true. What true is that Aaron helped to shape and mold and make this website what it is today. It's like when mommy buys you Play-Doh. She actually started it, but you're the one that made the amazing sculpture out of it (with help from your friends, of course).
A webpage is made up of a lot of different files. The more complicated the page, the more files there are. This also depends upon the way that the page is designed and coded. As such, a page typically will not render (display the final page) until ALL files have been received. Imagine loading a page from the Wall Street Journal that has an imbedded video. The text and style commands (CSS) will go through almost instantly even on a slow connection. However the video may take several seconds. Depending on how the page is coded, it may wait for the video to load (this has nothing to do with buffering and actually playing the video) before rendering the page. When you close it, the browser stops waiting for whatever file still needs to load and just renders what it already has. The biggest offenders of this are typically flash animations (adverts or videos) and large image files. Adverts can be the cause for this, which is why some people will say that they experience faster connections when using ad-blocking software.
There are many reasons. The physical antennas in use. Voyager has a really large dish pointed pretty precisely at Earth. There is a much much larger dish on Earth pointed at Voyager. It is part of the DSN, or Deep Space Network. These dishes act to focus the broadcast signal and to gather more of the received signal. Data rate: The data rate coming from Voyager is very low-rate. This helps because a single piece of information (a symbol, in RF speak) lasts longer, so the receiver has a longer time to collect the signal and to become certain what the value of that symbol is, and No obstructions. The walls of your house, the water contained within your house and within your body, the material in between the phone and the tower all absorb some amount of the energy, weakening the signal. Conversely, the frequency chosen for the communications of Voyager and other satellites was chosen so that the atmosphere wouldn't absorb much of the energy, and there's basically nothing in the way. Delay: Most of the delay that you experience is due to processing happening at the various nodes of the network. As for Voyager, the majority of the delay is the time it takes light to travel from the edge of the solar system back to the vicinity of the sun, where Earth hangs out.
The theory of evolution is the scientific theory that explains why there is so much variety and complexity in the natural world. Be warned that it doesn't explain what initially started life in the first place - all it explains is the variety of life we have. Also: it is not in any sense a moral philosophy. It is our understanding of our observations of the natural world. Evolution does not equal eugenics or anything like that. It's just a statement of the facts we see in the world. What we choose to do in light of understanding these facts does not come into it — in fact, understanding evolution can improve human wellbeing, as we can understand diseases much better. Another thing: the word ‘theory’. In normal everyday language, we usually use theory to mean ‘guess’ or ‘hypothesis’. In scientific terms, the theory is an explanation of the observable facts. A body of knowledge, if you will. For instance, ‘music theory’ is the body of knowledge surrounding musical composition. ‘Germ theory’ is the body of knowledge that explains illness and disease. ‘Cell theory’ is the theory that explains that all life is made of cells. ‘The theory of gravity’ is the study of gravity, and the explanations for the facts (or even laws) of gravity that we see in nature. The theory of evolution is no different. Evolution is a scientific, observable, fact, just like cells, germs, and gravity. The ‘theory of evolution’ is the study and explanation of these facts. If you've ever heard a creationist say ‘evolution is still only a theory’ or ‘evolution is not yet a law’ or ‘they're still trying to prove the theory of evolution’, then they are simply wrong, and misunderstanding the scientific meaning of the word theory. Theories don't become laws — theories laws. A law is just a simple mathematical observation that always seems to be true e.g. in electronics, ohm's law is that electrical current is equal to the voltage divided by resistance. Ohm's law is a part of the ‘theory of electronics’ if you like, although that term isn't really used.
It seems like the numbers just don't add up if every country owes every other country. Edit: What I'm trying to get at is that if Country A has, say, $-10, as well as Countries B and C because they are all in debt, then the world has $-30, which seems impossible, so who has the $30? Edit 2: Thanks for all the responses (and the front page)! Really clears things up for me. Trying to read through all the responses because apparently there is not nearly as concrete of an answer as I thought there would be. Also, if anyone isn't satisfied by the top answers, dig a little deeper. There are some quality explanations that have been buried. Edit 3: Here are the responses that I feel like answer this question best. It may be that none of these are right and it may be that all of them are (it seems like the answer to this question is a combination of things), but here are the top 3 answers (sorry if this oversimplifies things): Even though all of the governments are in debt, they are all in debt to each other, so the money works out. If they were all to somehow simultaneously pay each other back, the money would hypothetically even out, but this is both impossible and impractical. Money is actually created through inflation and interest, so there is more money on earth that there is value because interest creates money out of nowhere. For the most part, countries do not owe each other but their citizens and various banks. So the banks and people have the money and the government itself is in debt. Therefore, every country’s government can be in debt because they owe the banks, which are in surplus.
here's a way for all of us to be in debt, but for the money to work out fine: I borrow $5 from you, then i go ahead and loan it to greg, he uses it to loan money to you when you tell him that you loaned me your last $5. we have a total "debt" of $15 between the 3 of us, and only $5 exists, but if you give your $5 back to greg, and it goes back around the circle, all the debt is paid with a single $5 bill. now make it countries, make it millions, and start charging interest ***edits: yes, millions in small cases, billions in large (not usually trillions at once) and the interest destablizes the equation some, but often times the interest can be payed for in different ways like: -bartered goods (North Korea recently cut a deal with cuba to upgrade their missiles in exchange for 200,000 bags of sugar quick source ) -Military favors "let me build a navy base on your coast and we can forgive some of the debt" -Political Favors "Help me convince neighbouring country in your region to do ______." Or alternatively "Vote this way in the UN on THIS topic, make a good speech"
Here's a 6 minute video which explains the basics very well. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3Aea0BR26k&feature=related Imagine if baseball only had 1st base. When the batsman hits the ball and runs to the other end of the pitch (1st base) it's one run. If he's got time to carry on running before the ball comes back, he runs back(home base). That would be 2 runs. If he hits the ball all the way to the boundary(fence), it's four runs. If he hits the ball over the boundary without it touching the ground(home run) it's six runs. There's 11 players to a team but you need one player at each end (home plate and first base). So when the batsman hits the ball and is running to the other end, his teammate will be running in the other direction (1st base to home plate). So the bowler(pitcher) bowls the ball at the batsman(batter). The batsman is stood in front of the Wicket.(Those pieces of wood sticking out the ground behind him.) The batsman is out if, he misses the ball and it hits the wicket. (Bowled) he hits the ball and is caught. (Caught) he hit the ball and tries to run to the other end but the fielders get the ball back and hit The Wicket with it before the batsman has made it back. Run Out).
While life definitely doesn't HAVE to be water-dependent, water is so good at sustaining life that it's a likely candidate. Consider that water: Can help two major types of chemical reaction to occur. (For the science-lovers: It is amphoteric and protic and thus can act as a base or an acid to catalyze many types of reactions) It can hold of a lot of different things in it, such as salt and sugar, essential to life as we know it, as well as waste products of cells. (It is quite polar [i.e. has slightly positive and negatively charged regions] and thus can dissolve nearly any molecule with a polar group on it.) It is a liquid over a wide range of temperatures, and we would expect that you'd need life to start in a liquid because you need nutrients to be able to flow easily toward an organism and waste to be able to flow away. (A range of 100 degrees Celsius; ammonia is quite similar to water but a liquid only in a range of ~45 degrees Celisus.) It floats as a solid. (If temperatures DID dip below the freezing point, the solid phase would float and life would not be crushed or frozen inside) Water is very stable and hard to break apart. (Otherwise, it would rapidly disappear)
Here is a quote from Hellen Keller recalling what her thought processes were like before she was introduced to language. Sure, it's not exactly what you're looking for, but I think it provides some insight. The World I Live In by Hellen Keller, Page 37 Before my teacher came to me, I did not know that I am. I lived in a world that was a no-world. I cannot hope to describe adequately that unconscious, yet conscious time of nothingness. I did not know that I knew aught, or that I lived or acted or desired. I had neither will nor intellect. I was carried along to objects and acts by a certain blind natural impetus. I had a mind which caused me to feel anger, satisfaction, desire... When I wanted anything I liked,--ice-cream, for instance, of which I was very fond,--I had a delicious taste on my tongue (which, by the way, I never have now), and in my hand I felt the turning of the freezer. I made the sign, and my mother knew I wanted ice-cream. I "thought" and desired in my fingers. Thought without language, at least from what can be gleaned from Hellen Keller's own observations, is made up of basic desires, habits, and emotions (anger and satisfaction). Complex thoughts aren't really possible without a language to build ideas out of. So thoughts like you're having, even by just asking a question such as the one you posted are really only possible because you have a language that you can think with.
Galaxies are big and slow, Pluto is small and fast. The Triangulum galaxy is so far away that it's essentially at infinite distance for our purposes. You can point a telescope at it and let the exposure sit for months if you want a clear picture of it. The minor changes in angle as the Earth and telescope move are insignificant at that distance. Pluto is far, but not nearly that far. A telescope that's trying to look at Pluto must actively track Pluto's movement to keep it in focus. Throw in the fact that Pluto is rotating and you get a blurry streak if you try to take a long exposure image of it. edit: Also, the New Horizons probe will make a very close flyby of Pluto in 2015, which should provide us some excellent high-resolution images of Pluto and Charon. edit 2: Others are bringing up some additional excellent points that should go in the top comment: Rasori discusses the lighting issue with an object as faint as pluto Exscape discusses the angular size of pluto in relation to some other commonly imaged objects
As someone who's taking an interest in the technology behind Bitcoin, I'll give you a short overview. The coins are "mined" by folks crunching numbers. You can mine your own bitcoins by having your computer (specifically, your graphics card) solve some equations. The integrity of the network is preserved by a running log of everything everyone ever did (meaning, from the first coins mined to the last coin spent - it's all written down in a journal). The network is secure because accounts are protected by private keys and the SHA256 algorithm used to protect the contents is (currently) more or less impenetrable. The transaction log is nearly impossible to fake out because if you try to do something you're not technically able to (as in, transfer coins from an account which doesn't hold enough), your transaction is flagged by a disagreeing node as invalid. The transaction is then passed around until a consensus is reached as it its validity; if less than 50% of the nodes think you should be able to make the transaction then it is voided. The algorithm is self-correcting for mining rates, meaning that the first guys to crunch a few numbers got coins every 10 minutes and now that thousands of people are mining with fast hardware, it's become more difficult so that the 10 minute average is maintained.
"Shares": Usually refers to a stocks, or "equity" in a company. When you own company stock you are, in effect, a part owner of the company. For example, Apple has over 938 million shares owned by investors. If you were to buy a single share of Apple stock, you would own 1/938,000,000 of the company. Being a shareholder technically entitles you to your share of the company's future profits, though different companies handle this in different ways. Some pay dividends to shareholders from their profits on a regular basis and some just reinvest their profits in the company to promote growth and increase the stock price. Stocks appreciate or depreciate in value depending on the company's performance and how investors expect it to perform in the future. If Apple's profits are expected to rise their stock will likely appreciate in value because more investors will want to buy the stock, and if their profits are expected to drop, your share will likely depreciate in value because more investors will want to sell. In the event of a company's bankruptcy, shareholders are the last ones to get their money back after the company's creditors (bondholders, basically). Many times during a bankruptcy the shareholders get nothing. Bonds: Bonds are a debt instrument. If you own a bond, you own part of a company's or government's debt. Some bonds are coupon bonds, meaning the issuer needs to pay the bond holder a certain amount annually or semiannually, and some bonds only pay their face value upon maturity. Here's an example. Let's say Netflix needs to finance a major project that's going to cost them $50 million. Netflix might issue for $750 each 66,666 10-year bonds with a face value of $1000 to investors. Let's say the bond has a semiannual coupon of $50. If you buy one of those bonds, Netflix will have to pay you $50 twice a year for as long as you hold the bond, and then in 10 years when the bond reaches maturity you get the full $1000. In the event of a company bankruptcy, creditors (i.e. bondholders) get their money back before shareholders, although it might not be the full value of what they are owed.
Hi. I'm way late to this party and will never be seen, but I'm the guy who wrote RES! There's a lot of half-good information in here... i'll try and clarify a few things... I want to make very clear that Reddit has never offered to hire me. One time, during a stint where they did want to do some hiring, they offered to let me skip their "test" process and go straight to an interview. This is not a job offer. I politely declined, as I was happily and stably employed, etc. I will say, however, that there is truth to the fact that I love Chicago too much to leave... All I ever wanted since I was a little kid was season tickets to the Blackhawks... I have them now, and I can't fathom letting them go just yet. 2) There's only some truth to the "it would be more server load" argument. A lot of things would require virtually no extra server load. For example, the "full comments" link is an absurdly simple thing that Reddit could add but doesn't. I'm not criticizing them for this, mind you -- they may not believe it's best for all users to have that link as it adds yet another link to every item on the page, etc... but it certainly wouldn't increase server load. The vast majority of RES's features requires little to no database related stuff, and would likely not increase server load in a measurable way.
Indian here. For the past decade or so, rape has been a constant fixture of the criminal landscape. Urban centres like Delhi, Mumbai and so on are just as affected as the rural areas. Our society has almost always dismissed these as the fault of the victim - blaming them for dressing provocatively, being out late at night, being in the company of young horny men and so on. A generally cunty cop-out, but one that society at large accepted for the many years that rapes went on unchecked. Surely it must be the fault of a lascivious young woman and not the WholesomeIndianMale™. In keeping with the general attitudes of civil society, cops act pretty shitty toward rape victims too. The reason rape is the #1 most under-reported crime in this country is because cops are assholes. They mock victims when compaints are being filed, insinuate that they are loose, easy women and frequently fail to follow up properly on rape cases (check out this particularly egregious situation - this is the norm for police conduct, not the exception). However, a few days ago, a girl got gang-raped, and had her insides all but scooped out with iron rods in New Delhi, our capital city. Unusually, she was accompanied by a male friend, at a fairly conservative hour, and was on a "sort of" public transport bus when it happened. This renders all previous cop-outs invalid - how could it be her fault?
When I first subscribed to this subreddit, it was awesome. I saw complex theories and practices written with wit and intelligence in a simple and concise manner. If you look at the front page now, there are really not too many posts that require the lens of a 5 year old. Rather, they are simple questions that require simple answers. They are not logically complex questions, that would require a simplified solution for the layman. Some examples: Hello i'm from Argentina, can someone explain why a black guy eating a watermelon is racist? ELI5: How Apple can publicly claim iPhone 5 is the thinnest smartphone in the world? ELI5: Why can places like Newegg ship UPS for free when it costs regular people so much money? ELI5: The Obama Birther Issue Explain like I'm 5 why the states with the highest average income, health metrics, and education levels are also the most liberal and nobody ever talks about it. Do these type of questions benefit from being described to a 5 year old? These are questions with pretty straightforward answers, and while they may not be suitable for a child, I think it's a waste of real estate in this subreddit when these questions would be much better directed in appropriate r/ask subreddits. I would think we should be seeing more posts like "Why do we stretch and why does it feel good when we do?" The actual answer probably requires some biology and science knowledge of anatomy, and benefits from having it's explanation suited for 5 year old. Also - if you check the number of "Answered" in this subreddit, it's not a high percentage. I think this because the questions are not worthy of a ELI5 explanation. I think we need to have more "big issue" posts, topic posts. EG - ELI5 - The Housing Bubble... or ELI5 Computer Languages Check this out: http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/j86h2/the_fiveyearolds_guide_to_the_galaxy/ This subreddit should be an ever-expanding version of this, right? Instead, we are bloated with a ton of posts that don't require ELI5, and it's ruining the creativity and unique edge this subreddit used to have. Can we band together and downvote questions that don't really require ELI5 and upvote ones that would make for an engaging answer? I hope so. Don't mean to come off negatively, I just want to see this subreddit return to domincance as an intriguing and enlightening subreddit. Not one filled with questions that probably belong in r/politics or r/technology or most appropriately r/askreddit. But maybe I'm wrong. I don't know. Thanks.
Educational psychologist here. Current psychological research has shown that the human thinking process is actually made up of at least three major parts: 1) The "sensory memory," 2) The "short term" (aka "working memory,") and 3) The "long term memory." The sensory memory subconsciously takes in all sensory input, such as what you touch, taste, smell, see, hear, etc, and decides what's important and what isn't important. Then it passes the information that it decides is important (like the fact that you see a plate of food on the table) on to the short term memory. Once that information hits the short term memory, that's when you become consciously aware of that info and realize "hey! there's a plate of food on that table!" Later, if the information was important enough, the knowledge that "there used to be a plate of food on that table" might be stored in the long term memory so that you can pull it back and think about it again if you ever need to. In a lot of ways, the short term memory is like a computer's processor, and the long term memory is like a computer's hard drive. So... what does that all have to do with why we are able to speak in our minds? Well, it turns out that the short term memory has some subcomponents that let us do some pretty cool stuff. One of those subcomponents is called our "phonological loop." It's the circuitry of brain cells connected to the short term memory that lets us "hear things" in our mind. It's the part of our brain's wiring that we're using when we have a song stuck in our head, or talk to ourselves in our head, or even remember what a person said to us once. We have other subcomponents that are similar, but for other senses, as well. One of these is called the "visuospatial sketchpad," and it's what allows you to see images in your short term memory, such as remembering what your favorite shirt looks like, or what your first car looked like, etc.
It sounds like you're asking about lobbyists who donate money to politicians campaigns. Lobbying itself is not bribery, it's just speaking to people who have power and trying to influence them. Political contributions by lobbyists are not bribery for a couple of reasons: The money is not a quid pro quo. You don't hand a check to politician and then tell them how to vote, and politicians do not always vote depending on who gave them money. Now yes, a politician is probably going to be influenced by big donors, but not always. If they don't side with you, then you can decide not to donate again. But you can't ask for your money back, or threaten them because you paid them and they didn't do what you wanted. Thus the only incentive to side with you (aside from your incredibly persuasive intellectual arguments) is that you MAY donate to their campaign again. Oppositely, once you've made a contribution, they have your money and can do what they please. You can't get it back. The money is tracked. Campaigns are required to disclose who gave them money. Lobbyists are required to disclose who they gave money to, and they are required to disclose who pays them to lobby. The money is limited (at least for direct contributions to a campaign). There is a limit to how much each individual and business can give to a single campaign. PACs and other organizations are another story for another time.
Having grown hemp over 'ere in the UK I have this to say. Good points: It is a very fast growing bulk crop It does not require much fertiliser it typically only requires a small amount of potash per Ha. Prevents soil erosion. We got about 14tonnes to the acre last year. It grows in many soils. Bad points Harvesting. there are several ways to harvest Dessication, traditional or forage. This may sound good but dessication requires copious amounts of glyphosate and requires a bloody tall sprayer. our crop was about 9ft high. Traditional combine harvesting requires constant cleaning of the headers whrn harvesting hemp as the natural fibres wrap around everything. It is also hard to harvest at the right moisture content as across the crop the moisture content varies so much. Forage is really the only way to harvest however 9ft high crops tend to be hard to mow. Then a forage harvester picks it up and either bales it or blows it into a trailer. This makes it more expensive to harvest. The price of hemp at sale is very low. Roughly -90% less than wheat.
Because this would be ridiculous. Before the president is elected, he knows more about politics than you, sure. But he knows not nearly as much as he will when he's first introduced to the presidency. He can outline a general plan for his country, and he can tell people what it is he believes in, and what he will strive to achieve. Nonetheless, there is not much he can do when he is faced with the stark reality that is global politics. The president is expected to adapt and overcome. Situations will present themselves where the best answer is not the one they believe in. There are so many shortsighted, uninformed people that believe that there's a right answer to everything. The truth of the matter is that, when you're dealing with a position indirectly affected by the actions of over 190 sovereign states, global fortune and misfortune, and vested in the interest over 300 million people in your own country, and some 6.7 billion elsewhere, the decisions you are going to make are most likely [i]reactive[/i] and not [i]proactive[/i]. The choices you make will never make everyone happy. Most likely, they won't even make the majority of people happy. But if you had to choose between pissing off 60% of the population and 90% of the population, you would choose the former; even it goes against what you've promised. There is an entire world full of happenstance and conflicting interest. It's impossible to do what you hoped to do all the time.
It used to be just a minor annoyance but now it's getting to the point where about 75% of all ELI5 posts reaching the front page are better suited to be on /r/askreddit or r/answers, or sometimes even /r/askscience. Seeing how /r/explainlikeimfive has recently reached 100k readers, I think it's time to address this issue. It seems like people are taking advantage of ELI5 more laid-back attitude and small-yet-noticeable subscription count to post questions that would never see the light of day on other subreddit. This subreddit's purpose is to be, as the sidebar states: A friendly place to ask questions and get elementary school-level answers, without fear of judgement. Take note of what kind of posts used to reach ELI5's front page during its early days: Why is x0 = 1? How do Trust Funds actually work? How does HTTP work? What is fire and how does it work? Notice how each of these posts is a complex subject or question, and how many of the comment literally make the answer simple enough for a five year old to understand. Now let's take a look at what has reached the ELI5 front page over the last week: Why doesn't Reddit simply hire the guy who makes Reddit Enhancement Suite (RES) and make those features part of Reddit? How is downloading movies/books online any different than going to your local library to check out movies/books for free? Why some of my friends think Che Guevera is a hero, and others say he is a bad dude? Why do British people sound American when they sing? None of these posts is complex nor addresses anything that requires explaining. Much of the posts are suggestive or simply provocative, and ALL of them would fit better in other subreddits. The answers to these posts are never fit for 5 year olds, and are no different from /r/Askreddit answers. The subreddit has lost its way. I understand that the admins here want to make the community in charge of what reaches the front page and what gets filtered out, but sometimes forced, strict moderating is what you have to do. No need to go all the way into the no-memes-or-any-kind-of-fun zone where /r/askscience lies, but letting stagnation, new redditors and circlejerkers take over isn't the answer either (See /r/atheism, /r/classicrage, r/gaming or what /r/circlejerk used to be a mere month ago). So please admins, if this post tries to say anything is that you should have stricter rules about which submissions should and should not go on /r/explainlikeimfive. Be a little bit more delete-happy, and try to make the subreddit more like the great video found in the sidebar.
First of all, we need to talk about the difference between a DJ and a Producer. A Producer makes music A DJ plays music That said, keep in mind that almost all Producers are also DJs (but NOT many DJs are Producers). Think about it: with any instrument, lots of people play other people's songs, but very few end up good enough to write their own. Same thing. In any case, all the big name DJs you hear of are famous for songs they PRODUCED, (though most of them are, as you might expect, incredible DJs as well). All the DJs you named are both. Finally, as a bunch of other people on this thread said already, there are also DJs that actually produce (make) music live. That's pretty cool, but also much more rare, so I don't think that's what you're talking about. So, what is a DJ doing up there in his (or her) little box. Well, a number of things: Picking songs It's not enough to just pick a good song or even a good dance song to be a good DJ; you need to pick a song that goes well with the last song you played. This is very difficult to do for 3 hours straight unless you know A LOT of music REALLY WELL (which is one of the most important things that makes the best DJs so good). Sometimes, DJs just "know" what songs go well with other songs (practice helps a lot), but other times, they need to listen to both songs being played at the same time to figure out whether they mesh or not. So, while a song is playing on the speakers, the DJ will play another song in his headphones and, listening to both at the same time, decide whether they go well together.
In the 1980's the British economy was struggling. To get the country out of the mess it was in, she decided to deregulate the banks, sell government owned companies, and get rid of "out-dated" forms of industry, and manufacturing eg: coal mining. This made a lot of people, mainly public sector workers and "blue collar" workers, lose their jobs. The coal miners especially were upset and striked for a long time, however this didn't do any good and in the end they still lost their jobs and livelihoods. This also decimated towns that were built near the mines, turning them into ghost towns filled with unemployed. It also ushered in the era of the UK being a finance based economy, as opposed to manufacturing, which although made some people very rich in the short term did not provide a long term solution to the UK's problems. It can be argued that the current problems in the UK economy are directly due to the changes she instigated, and which the following prime ministers didn't, and couldn't/wouldn't change. So that in a nutshell is why a lot of people really hate her.
From where you sit in an orchestra, you do not hear every other instrument clearly. This impacts some more than others, but there are people (from experience - the pianist) who can't hear most of the other players - for them the conductor is absolutely essential. Also, a lot of classical repertoire, especially music from the 19th century onward, requires constant speeding up and slowing down, either in the form of tempo changes or as rubato (bending the rhythm for a few notes for dramatic effect) which is hard to do without a conductor. Also, the conductor is the only person to hear every instrument roughly like an audience member. Thus, they are the only person in an orchestra (assuming a large ensemble) who can hear which sections are too loud and which are too soft, and a large part of the conductor's job is telling individual instruments to change their volume. That said, there are many smaller ensembles and orchestras, particularly those playing baroque and pre-baroque music, that don't play with conductors.
Food technology business guy here. Keep in mind that the operating and manufacturing costs for soft drinks are ridiculously low. Food technology is pretty much just a basic set of chemicals that are essentially commodities (i.e., all products are nearly identical, so they all have an insanely low price). Because of the lengthy FDA GRAS (Generally Recognized as Safe) approval cycle, the majority of breakthroughs in food science today are just better ways to combine these different chemicals to get a certain recipe/application functionality, flavor, umami, or mouthfeel. It's not rocket surgery. Of the ingredients that go into a soft drink, the highest cost will invariably be the packaging (the can) and the packaging coating (e.g., the chemical coating on the inside to make it food-safe). Everything else (phosphates, water, sugar, caffeine and its derivatives, dyes, flavoring...) is an industrial chemical that can be bought for a few hundred bucks a ton. Even carbonation is a technology that has been around since the 19th century. It's a well-perfected process. The real money is in the marketing. Sustain a decade-long "Red Bull gives you wings" campaign and Red Bull's name becomes permanently beamed into people's minds when they think of energy drinks. So Red Bull can absolutely ask a brazillian dollars for a can that really only costs them a few cents to make. More for sugarfree or zero-calorie versions that takes virtually no extra effort to manufacture. Marketing is where the whole becomes worth more than the sum of its parts.
Dorner was terminated on September 4, 2008, for filing a report concerning the conduct of fellow police officer, Teresa Evans (now a sergeant), for excessive force, which the police claim is false. Dorner accused Officer Evans of kicking suspect Christopher Gettler in the face while he was handcuffed and lying on the ground. An internal review board concluded that Dorner had falsified his report despite the corroborating statements of the kicking victim and of Gettler's father.[13] Dorner cited his termination and sworn testimony that such excessive force did occur Side 1: Dorner was fired for blowing the whistle on a cop using excessive force. Long story short - he was called a liar, and fired. People support him in this endeavor because even if he was mistaken and excessive force wasn't used, he shouldn't have been fired for just watching the public's back, myself included. It probably makes more sense to say "I support what happened was immoral" rather than to say "I support Dorner." On February 9, 2013, the LAPD announced that it would reopen the disciplinary proceedings that led to Dorner's firing I think the LAPD messed up, and I hope this will lead to some changes in law enforcement, especially the amount of people that were caught in the crossfire of the man hunt (1 killed, 2 injured IIRC).
I think it would be a safe assumption that being a productive, hard working individual is advantageous from an evolutionary perspective. You can tell we are programmed as such since after a hard workout at the gym or nailing a big presentation at work our brain's reward system tells us we did a good job and releases endorphins/dopamine/whatever. That being said...why do I have no other desire than to lounge around with a pizza and a blanket and watch Netflix all day? And isn't it interesting that when you do that, later on you typically feel bad about the fact that you weren't productive and sat on your ass all day? Busting my ass and doing great things gives me such greater pleasure than being lazy, but being lazy always seems like a much better option than busting my ass. Scumbag brain. EDIT: Look I understand that biologically we are wired to conserve energy...but that doesn't explain the cognitive dissonance in my brain where it tells me to be lazy but at the same time beats me up for doing so. EDIT 2: I think all i've learned from this debate is that I have a fundamentally flawed understanding of evolution. Hahaha EDIT 3: And the lightbulb finally went off. I get what everyone is saying now I think. So if i'm understanding everything right, the means to propagating our genes ARE hard coded into our DNA, but that hard coding tells us to be lazy as a result of millions of years of evolution as opposed to few thousands of years of living in civilized society that probably had little to no effect on our genetic makeup. I think what I was trying to say was that evolution has been favorable to those who are adaptable, and those who can adapt to our current society the best will reap the most rewards, allowing most potential to propagate our genes. I hope that made sense...i'm thoroughly confused now and my brain hurts.
Quick summary of recent events and the situation in general: On April 1st, the DPRK issued a full declaration of war that can be read in full here: http://live.reuters.com/Event/North_Korea/70001409 Sadly, this was not an April Fool's prank, although we'd all like the DPRK a lot better if it was. Most of this "document" is rhetoric and rambling that seems to have been translated by a 5 year old, so I won't summarize it. At this point, we were pretty sure the DPRK was just posturing. Later that day, China began mobilizing it's troops to the DPRK border. The details can be read here: http://freebeacon.com/border-patrol/ China almost certainly will not actually intervene in the event of a war and seems to be preparing to control it's borders in case refugees try to flee into their country. There's a possibility Chinese intelligence knows something we don't, or they could just be doing a "just in case" thing because of the DPRK's declaration of war. The world is still not too worried, DPRK is probably just posturing. Fast forward to yesterday and the DPRK has now vowed "actual military action". Not really many details, but the source is here:
The X-Files plot arc was about a group of people (The Syndicate) who were trying to negotiate with an alien species (The Colonists) that was intent on taking over the world, wiping out humankind in the process. First contact with the aliens occurred in 1947, when one of their spacecraft crash landed in the desert in New Mexico. In the face of the inevitability that the superior alien intelligence and technology would ultimately beat them, a small group of powerful men negotiated an agreement that humanity would be allowed to continue in the form of an alien-human hybrid. The Syndicate spent most of its time helping The Colonists develop the hybrids by keeping them supplied with human foetuses. However, they were also covertly working on a vaccine that would save humanity from this awful fate. Unfortunately, The Colonists had lied to The Syndicate about what their plans were. The Black Oil that was supposed to create a human-alien slave race, was in fact a virus that created aliens inside the human host and their true intention was to wipe out humanity and take the planet for themselves. The Syndicate's discovery of this betrayal led The Colonists to develop a race of Super Soldiers to ensure that the colonisation of Earth would not be prevented. The series ends with the revelation that the alien invasion is due to start in December 2012, the end of the Mayan calendar.
Voting needs to be anonymous and have a trusted trail. Paper ballots fit this bill perfectly. You walk into the booth alone and cast your ballot. No matter who someone else told you to vote for they can't control that actual ballot. The election is staffed by people from all major parties and ballots are put into counting machines, etc, in public view. A computer usually tallies the results to make it faster but if there is an issue then they can be hand counted. Online banking is not anonymous and everything you do is recorded. If there is a problem they can pull logs of your IP, login attempts, transactions, everything that was done in your name. Both parties want to ensure they each know who the other is and what they are doing. Creating an internet system that allows someone to validate who they are so they can vote (only once) and yet doesn't store who they voted for is tough. Even if someone says the system is anonymous how can you be sure the NSA (or a company or whomever) isn't recording who you voted for to use against you later? Do you trust the company making the software to actually accept your vote for Kang rather than Kodos? What about an employer who doesn't give people time off of work to vote but allows them to vote on a special office computer? One that might have it's own tracking software or even just a camera in the ceiling to record who votes for who.
Reddit seems to usually support the notion that American's ideals of beauty are heavily influenced by the images and scenarios we see in the media, so much so that much of our behavior is impacted by the desire to conform to these standards. But reddit is very skeptical that violent images and scenarios in the media influence how Americans react to confrontation. Am I incorrectly lumping the proponents of these two views together? Or is there a simple, consistent way to hold both these views at the same time? EDIT: The question was very broad, so I apologize. Many people are assuming I am referring to spree killings or mass-shootings when I talk about violence, which is understandable because those are the incidents that cause this debate to resurface. However, I had more "common" violence in mind; gang violence, fights over women, domestic violence; Castle Doctrine inspired by "No Duty to Retreat"-style country westerns; vigilante justice in the style of Charles Bronson's "Death Wish."
It's a good question, and I think it really has to do with attitude more than anything else. And attitude is important. It's entirely possible (even likely) that video games do influence people, but not necessarily in the ways you hear about in the media. The typical claim about video games, for example, is that they condition people to commit violent acts, or they make people more prone to engage in violence. And that's pretty absurd because millions upon millions of people play violent games and watch violent movies/TV without committing violent acts. That's what people get up in arms, so to speak, about. But that doesn't mean people aren't being influenced in any way. It's entirely plausible that people are being desensitized to the sight of violence, and that this changes the way they think about violence in the world. I was in high school when the Iraq war started, and I remember that kids wanted to watch the coverage on the news so they could see the bombs dropping on Baghdad. And it was this almost pretty kind of green night-vision view, with these glowing lights that were rockets and explosions.
We don't; we want them to die. It's harsh, but it's (relatively) true. If you look at your family tree 100, 200 or even 500 years back, you'll find out that your grandmothers churned out at least half a dozen babies in their lifetimes. Due to poverty or sickness, many of these poor kids died, but one or two would go on and have kids of their own. In better times, maybe three or four would survive, but due to war or terrible working conditions, they would die off in their teens or 20s, leaving very few children behind. Similarly the women, if not dying during childbirth, would die at what we now consider a relatively young age of around 50-60, because they wouldn't be able to support themselves. Fast forward to the 1940s, and we see countries with safe jobs, strong economies, and low mortality rates thanks to improved medicine and working conditions. Women still have 5 or 6 kids, and most of them survive... all the way through till now. Good for you, gramps - you're one of the Baby Boomers. And because these old people are staying fitter and healthier for longer, they're staying at work. No more quitting at 50 because of a bad back or arthritis; these guys just neck a few pills, take up some physiotherapy and carry on. This means that the younger kids can't move up the career path; the top jobs are all being held by people in their 60s or even 70s who have decades of experience and who still have all their marbles too. They're making all the money as well, so younger people earn less, and keep earning less well into their 40s.
They're pretty much all several weeks old. Because if nothing else - to be in a film you need a bunch of paperwork filled out and filed, and that takes a couple of weeks to do. Also, newborn babies (ie 48 hours or less) are ugly as hell. Three week old babies are cute. But there's services in Hollywoodland wherein pregnant women register themselves and their due date, and when it comes time to shoot the baby scene the movie company calls up the baby service and says "Yeah, I need a black male - how many you got for next Thursday?" and the Service company makes some calls and comes up with a number - 3, 5, 10, whatever. That many black male babies of the apropriate 3-6 week age. So those mothers drag the kids over next Thursday (assuming the kid isn't sick, or whatever) and they shoot the scene with whichever one is cooperating the most with being covered in jelly[1] and shoved under hot bright lights. And there's your "birth" scene. A jelly covered confused child who is hot and blind. [1]It's not actually jelly, but probably dyed petrolum gel or some other similar fluid. You get the idea - something sticky looking that's red.
Because regular language isn't as descriptive as it should be to make an agreement with. Agreements typically define things as either A or B, with no empty space in between to meddle over. Think of it as an agreement with Mom and Dad: When you finish your dinner you will get to play with the Lego or the other toys. Now, "finish" your "dinner"? Does that mean I have to stop eating, that I have to eat all vegetables or that the plate must be clean? Do I have to lick up the sauce to count as "finished"? If I finish it by feeding it all to Mom, does that count? And then when I do get to play, do I get to play with the Lego and the other toys, or do I have to choose between the Lego on the one side and the other toys on the other? So we go another draft: When you finish your dinner, meaning that at least 90% of the vegetables by weight and at least 50% of the potatoes and meat are consumed by you, you may play with any or all of your toys at your discretion. That's a lot closer to the intended meaning but it's a lot harder to read too. Lawyers typically try to close all visible loopholes.
First of all, wikipedia is a fine source for essays, at least compared to any other encyclopedia. Which means you should use it as a starting point, and then investigate the sources the article refers to. Lots of good questions here. Let's take them one at a time. Who stops the assholes from covering these articles in walls of ascii porn? Generally, just regular users, who spend hours and hours of their own time undoing stuff like this. Are the mods just that awesome? They appear to be good, but most of the work done to keep up the appearance (and in fact most of the work on the articles themselves) are written by regular people with no particular wikipedia-given powers. Is the vandalism just really easy to remove? Undoing vandalism is actually really easy, and smart people have made it extremely efficient and even created bots which will remove some particularly obvious vandalism. It's really hard to vandalize wikipedia for any length of time without going to a lot more effort than those undoing you.
Issues like this are usually due to mishandling of character encoding. Inside computers all data is stored a series of numbers. Basically, the old way of storing text is to use exactly one byte (eight bits; each bit is a 0 or 1) for every single letter. This is what ASCII is; in ASCII the numbers from 0 to 255 each correspond to a letter, for example the number 97 is lowercase a. The issue with this is that there are a lot more than 255 different characters that people want to use in text; even many Western European languages didn't have some of their symbols available. Asian languages, Eastern European, Hebrew and so on don't have any of their letters available in ASCII. This problem is solved by having a much larger range of letters called Unicode. Using this scheme they have an extremely large space for symbols, which allows them to have characters for silly things like smiley faces and snowmen. There are different ways for storing the Unicode characters; some of them just always use 16 or 32 bits for each character but that ends up not being very efficient for most Western-biased usages where almost all of the letters are from ASCII and only a few are "special". The most common way of encoding the charaters is called which is the same as ASCII for characters numbered 0 to 127, but the other characters use multiple bytes. UTF-8 has some nice properties that are beyond what I will mention here, but the important thing is if you accidentally try to read UTF-8 text as ASCII, any of the simple letters or numbers will look normal.
From working at the inside of a large public University. Lots of money is going towards the administrative costs. I saw a massive increase in admin positions vs. teaching/support staff positions. WSJ had a good article on this exact topic at the very end of 2012. Some more interesting excerpts. Many of the newly hired, it turns out, were doing little teaching. A Wall Street Journal analysis of University of Minnesota salary and employment records from 2001 through last spring shows that the system added more than 1,000 administrators over that period. Their ranks grew 37%, more than twice as fast as the teaching corps and nearly twice as fast as the student body. Across U.S. higher education, nonclassroom costs have ballooned, administrative payrolls being a prime example. The number of employees hired by colleges and universities to manage or administer people, programs and regulations increased 50% faster than the number of instructors between 2001 and 2011, the U.S. Department of Education says. Administrative employees make up an increasing share of the university's higher-paid people. The school employs 353 people earning more than $200,000 a year. That is up 57% from the inflation-adjusted pay equivalent in 2001. Among this $200,000-plus group, 81 today have administrative titles, versus 39 in 2001.
Here's my attempt at a simple explanation of why the jury acquitted Zimmerman. Because he was the defendant, the jury needed to find his guilt beyond a reasonable doubt. That means they need to be 95%+ sure that Zimmerman: (A) shot Martin; and (B) did not shoot Martin in self-defense. I.e., the state has the burden of proving beyond a reasonable doubt that there was no valid self defense. 2. Zimmerman claimed that while he was walking on the property, Martin jumped him, knocked him down, was beating him up, and tried to take his gun, at which point Zimmerman shot him. 3. The witness with the best view of the fight saw one person on top of another, beating him. He believed that the person on the bottom was wearing a red shirt. Zimmerman was wearing a red shirt (or jacket or sweatshirt). 4. Zimmerman had cuts on the back of his head that are consistent with it being hit against a sidewalk while he was on his back. 5. The coroner testified that the gunshot wound was consistent with Martin being shot while bending over someone.
I can't speak for the others, but most Chinese keyboards work using the pinyin system (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pinyin), which is a transliteration of the sounds of the language (so that it can be written in the letters of the English alphabet). Basically, you download a font package that puts a little icon on your task bar to switch between writing in English and writing in Chinese. When you have the Chinese font selected, you just type in a pinyin word using English characters, like "ma." The thing is, Chinese is a tonal language. That means you can say "ma" in many different ways and it means different things. There are five tones in Mandarin (high flat, rising, dipping down then up, sharp drop, and neutral). Just like with English, sometimes even the same sound means a different thing (e.g., "plane," "plain"). So for "ma," there are something like 80 possible words for the sound. You can type in just the English letters ("ma") or maybe the English letters plus the tone ("ma4," sharp drop in tone). When you type that in, a bunch of characters will appear just above your cursor and you can use the arrow keys or your mouse to select the right one. Usually, the characters appear in order of how common they are, so it doesn't take too long to find the right one. There's also keyboards that have character strokes, different types of lines that are used to compose a Chinese character. Because these strokes are used in a very specific order when writing any Chinese character, you could also use that keyboard by typing the strokes in the right order. I've never used that sort of keyboard, though.
On one hand, battery technologies have improved a bit - about 4-fold, since laptops were first invented. The very first portable computers ran on lead-acid batteries. Now we have lithium ion batteries, which have about 4 times the capacity (by weight). Other improvements have helped too - we have made much smaller transistors, which consume a lot less power... An "old" portable computer could run for maybe an hour. Your "new" cell phone can do an hour's-worth of the same computations in less than a second now. The battery-to-work ratio is probably hundreds of thousands of times better than it was in the 90s. The competing factor, the thing that "fights" our battery power, is customer expectations. Your computer has numerous extra features that kill battery life, from a display that is has 16 times as many pixels with 4 times more colors (that's 64 times more computation), to multiple modes of wireless connectivity. There are computers out there that have a battery that will 20 hours or more - but people rarely buy them. They are hundreds of times more powerful than early computers, but still not "modern enough". So, customers have struck a balance. The most popular products have reasonably good computation power, as well as a battery life that is good but not awesome or impractical.
Certain medals will let you receive benefits such as compensation, medical preference, educational (for yourself or family), and lower rates on things like license plates, free access to state parks. A lot of it varies by state, though. I wouldn't say "they mean squat" (especially coming from someone who didn't serve in the US military). Purple Heart Benefits Medal of Honor Benefits Edit: Just wanted to address some of the other comments: Yes, all service members get to use Tuition Assistance while in. Once you get out, you can use the GI Bill. You can transfer those benefits to a family member if you've been in at least 10 years. I know California and Indiana your child can attend a state school for a certain amount of credit hours (in Indiana where I live it's enough to get a Bachelors), but you often have to have a disability rating--not necessarily a Purple Heart of Medal of Honor. For example, in Indiana you only need a 10% rating. The medals OP asked about do have additional benefits. The stuff above is essentially a given, provided you meet the Time in Service requirements and the disability rating requirements. It does help with your medical preference so you have a somewhat easier time getting treated, as if you were given either of these, you'll probably need future treatment.
Hi. I've noticed that a lot of posts don't necessarily have to be posted here. I'm not taking ELI5 very literally, so I don't think answers have to make sense to a five year old, but just have to be simple in general. A lot of questions I see here don't need to be answered like someone's five. Answers that anybody might give would be simple enough without asking here for further simplifications. For example, Dolan. It's a sick twist on Disney comics. There. Was that so hard? I'm sure you would have gotten that answer on r/Answers or r/AskReddit had you not asked here. People put the ELI5 tag without realizing its significance. Let's start with the word 'explain'. Explaining is not the same thing as answering. Explaining is taking something and making it simple. Answering is not necessarily the same thing. It's giving a response to an answer, and it's up to the answerer to see if that answer is simple or not. There are a lot of good subreddits out there that you really need to check out. If you want scientific answers, go to r/AskScience. People there are more knowledgeable in science. If you don't understand their answer, ask them to simplify it. I'm sure that they'd be willing to do that. Also, please use the resources available to you. If you need help on a homework, your teachers, professors, or TA are your best sources for help. Also, a lot of the stuff you ask are far too broad to be answered here. For example, someone asked the history of Russia from 1990 on. You really can't explain that here. That would at least take a chapter from a good sized book. This is mostly a message out to the mods, who have yet to answer a lot of the mails that I've sent to them.
Other comments have hit on part of this explanation, but I'll try to tie it all together. The human species started in Africa. To protect ourselves from the harsh, direct sunlight, we evolved with higher levels of melanin in our bodies. This causes darker skin. Dark hair was also a favourable evolution - less light can pass through dark hair than light, protecting the skin. Over time as the human race migrated, mutation continued. In the branch that became "white", mutations that produced paler skin and lighter hair occurred. This was an advantageous mutation because these humans were living in areas with less direct sunlight, so needed to take advantage of the small amounts they were exposed to (we need sunlight to produce vitamin D). Through natural and self-selection, the genes for paler skin and blonde hair survived. Other mutations for lighter hair colours (lighter brown, red) remained for similar reasons. The reason that other races did not evolve blonde hair (in general, great link to the Solomon Islands case in another comment) is that: It did not give then an environmental advantage, so did not increase chances of survival/reproduction
Let's say you needed a watch. You come to me and ask me where you might be able to get a watch. I tell you, there's a watch shop down the block where watches are $100, or you could go talk to Donnie on the corner who sells watches for a dime each, but Donnie's watches are stolen. Here's the big question. What Donnie is doing is clearly illegal (selling stolen property), but have I done anything wrong in informing you about what Donnie does? This is basically what the Pirate Bay does, and it is a big ethical gray area. There are a bunch of people out there pirating copyrighted content. The Pirate Bay is like a phone book where you can easily look up all these people. The Pirate Bay does not actually host any of that illegal content. Edit: Many people have been pointing out I haven't addressed why TPB is still up, but other sites have been taken down. Since this is a big gray area, different countries have written different laws. Some countries have made it illegal to tell you where Donnie is selling his stolen watches. Some countries have not. TPB is based in Sweden where the laws are relatively more relaxed about this type of thing.
My explanation here is clearly intended to be as simple as possible. A much longer explanation is really in order, but here's the short and overly simplistic version. Jews were outsiders. They (pretty much) originated as a nomadic people. They kept wandering around to places that other people already called home, places like Egypt and Babylon. We'll call these non-nomadic people "landed people." Every time Jews showed up to a new town, village, or city, everyone already there saw them as outsiders that wanted to profit from what the "hard-working" landed people had made. "The Jews wanted to take their jobs," as the landed people saw it. 2) Jews kept to themselves and kept their own traditions, even when living inside of landed peoples' cities. From their beginning, people of the Jewish faith were a "devoutly insular group." They did not typically marry "outsiders," nor did they stay anywhere for too long, and they commonly didn't invite any outsiders in to participate in their "Jewish games" and other fun times. This made landed people feel like the Jews thought they (the Jews) were better than them (whichever landed people were currently getting pissed off at them, be it the Egyptians, the Babylonians, etc). So, during a time when a lot of areas were becoming more ethnically diverse (from wars, political maneuvering, etc.), Jews remained mostly ethnically insular. You can find this with the first few generations of almost any immigrant population in the world. The Jews kept it going strong for about 2,500 years though.
I'm seeing lots of good answers but I want to try too. Exposure: This is how affected the sensor/film has been by light. The amount of exposure controls what you'll be able to see in any given shot. For instance, if I take a photo of a building at night I have to choose between a high exposure so that I can see the building but the moon will be a white mess or a low exposure so that I can see the moon but the building will just be a black blob. The moon is the brightest thing in the picture so it doesn't take a lot to print itself onto your sensor/film. If you give it too much exposure then it will keep printing beyond what's necessary and that's when it all just goes white. The building isn't nearly as bright as the moon so it needs lots of exposure before the camera will be able to actually get any detail. There are 4 factors that control exposure. Lighting. Bright sunny days require next to no exposure. Night shooting requires oodles of exposure. Shutter speed. The faster your shutter is, the less light hits the film/sensor (but also the less chance there is for a blurry photo) Aperture. Your camera has a hole through which it takes the photo, the bigger the hole, the more light it lets through and the more exposed the photo is.
My understanding is that .onion sites are hosted just like regular websites except that the onion site cannot (normally) see the IP address of visitors to that site and visitors cannot (normally) see the IP address of the server hosting the site. Thus, it makes it extremely difficult for people to figure out where .onion sites are hosted, they simply know they are accessible through the Tor network. Just like on the normal web, there are web hosting companies that have thousands or even hundreds-of-thousands of clients who pay to host their website on the hosting company's servers. The hosting company offers server hardware connected to backbone internet networks and clients (e.g. businesses) pay to have software or their website hosted on that hardware. In many cases, there are multiple clients who have websites hosted on the same hardware (e.g. a single web server may serve 100 different websites). Anyway, the point is that it was not one individual who was shut-down but rather an entire hosting service. Should be self-explanatory now from what I mentioned above, but basically it's normally very difficult to determine where (i.e. which server) each onion site is hosted on unless the server can somehow be compromised to expose its IP address. Using whatever tactics they did, law enforcement managed to locate the servers for one particular hosting service and shut them down, but other hosting services are still operating.
As of now, the most plausible option is centrifugal centripetal centrifugal force. To accomplish that we'd have to build something resembling the inside of a washing machine. It would rotate at a high speed and stick people to the inside face of the outer ring, the same way that a spin cycle works. Even that would take billions of dollars to construct. Then we have tons of other hurdles of taking it into space without breaking it. Even testing it in a zero gravity environment would be incredibly difficult. In regards to artificial gravity, physicists don't really know why gravitation is so weak compared to the other three natural forces (electromagnetism, strong nuclear, and weak nuclear). So since they haven't found out how exactly that works, other than "Get a supermassive object and stand on it", it's not yet possible to create artificial gravity like you can create magnetism with copper wire, a nail, and a battery. Edit: Thanks /u/blastfemur /u/iwillyel /u/Eric-F-13 /u/infiniticomplex /u/Dakrys and /u/k0r3andud3 for pointing out it's centripetal and not centrifugal force! Edit2: A posse has come to meet the opposition of the centrifugal vs. centripetal battle, saying centrifugal force is legit.
Glenn's Cookies makes great choc chip cookies. They have a giant factory with millions of dollars worth of machinery, and hundreds of employees already. Walmart wants to make Walmart Cookies without investing millions in equipment, employees, land, buildings, trucks, everything needed to make cookies, and get them to the stores (or warehouse). So Walmart says to Glenn's, can you make them for us? So Glenn's uses slightly cheaper ingredients, a different package, and sells them to Walmart. Walmart puts a little mark up on them and sells them in store. It's useful for lots of reasons, the main being that most shoppers fall in to 2 categories. 1. I want the best cookies, and 2. I want the cheapest cookies. Walmart sells both, gets all the shoppers, and of course they buy lots more than just cookies when they go to Walmart. Sometimes Glenn's cookies and Walmart cookies, are bought from a third company. Pauline's food, makes cookies for Glenn's, Walmart, and several others but they don't sell their own brand. So they have low marketing cost, pretty constant demand for cookies, no worries about discount, and a very simple transport system (factory to warehouse). They just tweak the cookie recipe for different cookies, to tase a bit different, to be made cheaper, etc.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Floodplain "Historically, many towns have been built on floodplains, where they are highly susceptible to flooding, for a number of reasons: access to fresh water; the fertility of floodplain land for farming; cheap transportation, via rivers and railroads, which often followed rivers; ease of development of flat land" Floodplains are an amazing resource. I didn't see how often rivers flood, but if it is every 100 years, as you say, then you've also gotta take into account human lifespan. Most people don't make it to 100 years so there's a good possibility that many people who first moved to a particular floodplain may not have experienced the flooding, and only reaped the benefits of such a location. Everyone else stays because of a combination of those benefits and the fact that there is already a civilization there. As mentioned elsewhere, one could also ask why people live where earthquakes exist are common (CA, NZ), where fires like to ignite (I'm looking at you, LA), where blizzards happen, tornadoes, hurricanes, droughts...pretty soon there's almost nowhere to live. If you ever visit Egypt, almost everyone lives around the Nile and on the coast, because those are the most viable places to live.
LiquidMonocle gave a pretty good explaination but I'm just going to expand a little bit more. First let me explain two basic terms- Antigen- The tag that identifies something. These antigens exist, to help our body distinguish molecules as "self" or "non-self." Our immune system will recognize these antigens and react, or wont react. When there is an antigen-antibody reaction that is what causes the destruction of these cells and a massive clot forms. - In my analogy. The antigens are the Locks. And the Antibodies are the keys. When your body encounters a Lock that doesnt belong to you, it tries to destroy it (open it) Once your body encounters this lock, it has now seen it and has now seen its design. After encountering a foreign lock, your body will now make keys to open and destroy these locks. Some of these locks are small (ABO blood group) and the keys can be made immediately and the reaction occurs immediately. However the locks of Blood type of +/- (explained more detailed below) are relatively big and can take a while for the appropriate keys to be made. So you constantly have these keys floating around in your blood constantly looking for a compatible lock. When a key matches a lock, that's what activates your immune response, destroys the lock and in turn causes all the negative effects of a transfusion reaction (explained more below)
There are two big reasons: Infrastructure and Monopolies/greed. America is huge. Really huge. I hear it's hard for some Europeans to even comprehend its size, considering there's a couple STATES that all of England could fit into. From tip of Maine to coast of California is almost a week of driving 14+ hours/day, if not more. This means in order for a company to build up a strong network across the country takes a lot of time, manpower, and money. So it's hard for any new companies to form, because forming new infrastructure is a MASSIVE investment which takes a really long time to recover from. Why not just upgrade the existing infrastructure then? Well, that's where point two comes in. Because the infrastructure is so expensive, there's only so much of it to go around, and only a handful of companies big enough to manage it all. Comcast, AT&T, Verizon, to name a few, own the vast majority of the cables that make up the internet in America. The onus is on them to perform these upgrades. In fact, the government even gave them money to do just that. Instead of delivering on the promise of "We'll take this money and build infrastructure", they used some legal trickery to end up pocketing most of it, while not upgrading the networks nearly as much as they should have. So you've got these companies that own existing infrastructure that refuse to upgrade it. The market should dictate that someone willing to come in and perform those upgrades could compete, right? Well, turns out the cable companies have agreements in place where they won't compete in certain regions. In cases where they don't, they even get local governments to sign agreements saying they won't let their competitors come in and build new infrastructure to compete with them (usually in exchange for a few years of cheap rates for their community). So now you have existing, mediocre infrastructure with no way to compete against it without building an entirely new network. You can see how this monopoly would be hard to break.
There are different elements at work in what you refer to as "black sounding" names. The names that are popular for Black babies born today are not the same ones that were popular 10 years ago. As another contributor here mentioned, during the civil rights movement black people started to try to redefine their culture as one of pride, instead of oppression. One of the ways they did that was to reject the European and often classical names they'd been given up to that point. (Some of the most popular "slave names" for example, were from Greek and Roman history. A few were obscure Biblical names. Those were given to slaves by their masters to show how educated and worldly the masters were.) In the French speaking south, names with the prefixes "De-" and "La" because more popular as they were a way of connecting a child to their father. Those prefixes were simply added to European names. They connote "son of" or "daughter of" respectively. Once civil rights were enacted, there was an embracing of names that "sounded" African. The prefixes were still often attached, now more for their style than for any paternal link to the name. Now, Black Americans are using a pretty diverse group of names. There are some names that are much more popular with Blacks than with Whites, including Neveah, Messiah, King, and others of that ilk. The "La" names have fallen far out of fashion. I've been studying names for about 30 years, but I'm not a professional. A wonderful source for information about the sociology of names and naming is Laura Wattenberg. She has written a very smart book and a wonderful website, including a blog.
Practically none. Iraq was invaded because the neocons thought they could remake the Middle East into a region of free-market democracies by toppling dictators. The easiest one to topple was Hussein, but the only clear excuse they could all agree on to do so was the WMDs. Everyone thought he had them, even if there was no proof, so they "stovepiped" intelligence - pushing raw, dubious intel up the chain without critical analysis in order to bolster their weak argument - and supported intelligence they probably knew was phony. They believed they would find WMDs, we would be welcomed as liberators, we would reshape the Middle East in our favor (which has too many benefits to list, control of oil being only one), and we would remind the rest of the world that our military is still number one and we can use it where and how we wish to enforce our will (the subtext there is, after the end of the Cold War, the neocons were worried the military-industrial complex would lose its relevance and, therefore, its bottomless well of money). TL;DR: the money to be made from Iraqi oil is nowhere near as important as the money to be made from the US military-industrial-security complex. Edit: forgot about Curveball.
Imagine you are a person living in an apartment with some other people. You are not treated well. They harass you, they try to undermine your business dealings, they generally cause you problems. One day, one of them beats the ever loving shit out of you. You escape the apartment alive, but find yourself homeless. You are living at a friend's house, but apparently start to get on his nerves. You tell him all about the house your grandparents helped to build, and your parent's lived in for a long time that means a great deal to your family. All the legends and folklore of your family take place in that house. But you are aware that someone else is living in it now. So one day, your friend says, "look, I have some powerful connections, and I'm going to get you back your old house." You are overjoyed about this, but know it will be a struggle, because of the other inhabitant. So you get with the police and go to this house. A man answers the door. The cops tell him that you used to live in this house, and that it has been passed down the generations in your family, and that you are going to live there again. They tell him how some bullies took the house from your family many years ago.
To understand why the protests are happening, you need to understand some of the history of Turkey as a nation, and the Ottoman Empire before it. To understand the Ottoman Empire, you need to understand the Islamic concept of a caliphate. So, here goes: In the Islamic world, there has always been the concept of a "caliph," which in Arabic means "successor"– a successor to Muhammad. Sometimes, people think of a caliph like a "Muslim Pope," which isn't really accurate. The concept of a caliphate and a caliph isn't tied to any particular region. Instead, the idea is that the Caliph represents all Muslims, and has the authority to speak for them. In the most basic terms, it's a symbol of where power in the Islamic world rests at any given time. Here's where the Ottoman Empire comes in. As one of the most powerful states in the world for a few centuries, it was natural that the Caliphate was based in Constantinople, the capital of the Ottoman Empire, for most of that time. It's for this reason that the Ottoman Empire is often considered the fourth (and last) caliphate. Now comes Turkey. After World War I, the Ottoman Empire collapsed, and the war's victors were already circling like vultures, ready to pick apart Ottoman territory. However, there was a guy named Mustafa Kemal (or Ataturk, meaning father of all Turks)– he is basically the George Washington of Turkey, and it was with his leadership that Turkey managed to survive as a single state. Here's the catch: Ataturk also established a strong tradition of secularism in the Turkish state, and he
Not sure if this is good for a five year old but tried to keep it simplistic. China has very few markets for regular people to invest in other than the housing market. The regular people do however have lots of saved cash and are very afraid of inflation (their money will become weaker and they'll lose money in the banks) so they dont' want it all sitting in the bank. So this led to a huge investment of money into the housing market. With this huge investment many people became VERY rich and powerful and grew to become very good freinds with government leaders. These leaders kept the housing market going and pretended not to see the housing bubble being created for a long time because everyone was making so much money. By the time they realized it was a problem it was too late and the bubble was too big to allow it to burst. To solve this problem the government decided to slow down construction of houses, but they couldn't stop it completely or people might panic and collapse the bubble. Plus because the construction industry is so big, it helps many other industries grow as well and shutting down the construction industry would probably collapse many other markets int he country and many people would lose money and jobs.
Assuming you're in the US. Start by wearing shoes and other items of clothing that are easy to slip on and off. The hardest part of flying is usually the security check. If you haven't printed your ticket at home, you will need to get it before going through security. There are many booths separated by Airline with very long lines. You can often use the self-serve booth if you are not checking a bag, as this will be much faster. (Don't forget your passport and other credentials when flying out of the country.) Once done here, you will go through security. Take off your belt, jewelry, etc. before getting to the front of the line. Act naturally with the guard that checks your ticket. He or she will likely ask you questions about your name, age, and destination. Put all metal, loose items, LAPTOP, shoes, etc. in the tray once you get to the x-ray machine and put your backpack on the conveyor belt itself. You may be "randomly chosen" to go through the full body x-ray screener, in which case, you should just follow their instructions. Wait for the guard to wave you through, and step into the metal detector. Pick up your items on the other side of the machine, get out of the way, and put them back where they belong. Make your way to your Gate (printed on the ticket) and wait until your flight is called. They will call passengers over the intercom system by Section (A, B, C, D, etc.) When you hear your section, line up with your ticket in hand and proceed through the checkpoint. Say Hi to the flight attendants if they greet you (they like this kind of stuff). Quickly make your way to your seat and SIT DOWN. Everyone will get annoyed if you're the guy blocking the aisle. They will go through a safety demonstration. If someone needs to get to the seat on the other side of you, just stand up and let them walk past.
There are a variety of complaints against Mother Teresa. Here are some of the most common. 1- She accepted donations from shady sources including infamous 3rd world dictators and embezzled funds. She also associated with various questionable figures, and took sides in Indian politics. 2- She used very little of the donations for actual charity. Much of the donations she received went to either missionary work or the general RCC funds, even when earmarked for charity. The exact proportion is unknown because she refused to release any info except where absolutely required by law. 3- The medical care she offered did not meet standards, even for third world hospice care. And quotes like this, "I think it is very beautiful for the poor to accept their lot, to share it with the passion of Christ. I think the world is being much helped by the suffering of the poor people," and "the most beautiful gift for a person that he can participate in the sufferings of Christ," certainly don't put her in the best light. Her goal was never to treat the poor sick. Her goals were conversion and to help people suffer properly to prepare their souls for the afterlife. Added to this the fact that she went to western hospitals when she herself got sick, makes her look like a hypocrite as well.
Here’s a good summary. But the main theme is that the government is collecting a lot of data, but not looking at it. I’ve organized the most important facts below. Legal Authority: Section 215 of the Patriot Act allows the government to get any personal information from anyone if they can prove to a special court that they need this information to investigate terrorism or spies. The Patriot Act is complex and I’m a little drunk, but I recall there being other provisions, too. Timing: The NSA makes an application to a special “FISA” court every 90 days, showing why this data needs to be collected. Once they get the data, the NSA retains it for 5 years in a separate database (MARINA) accessible by only a special, authorized group (people in the RAGTIME P program). Data collected: The government has to follow very different procedures for “wiretapping” phone calls. The data they’re collecting is much less invasive, but still really serious. Basically, they get the telephone records that Verizon is already keeping about those calls. This includes who made and received phone calls; when they were made; how long they lasted; and sometimes, where the phones were during the calls. : Verizon gives all of the above data to the government. But it doesn’t want to, and refused until the government got a FISA court order.
Okay, ex-soundie here with my $0.02: I reckon that you're listening on a bad mix. Or more specifically, the 5.1 mix downmixed to stereo, during which you are supposed to bump up the center channel by 6dB, but even that is sometimes not enough. ** If you listen to just the center channel of a surround mix, you will hear pretty much only dialogue. If you listen to the left and right channels of a surround mix, you will hear no dialogue. The reason for this is complex, but suffice it to say that it was to prevent dialogue from "drifting" left or right of the screen. It always comes out of the middle. This has the added advantage of not being mixed in with the rest of the sound, so post-processing won't accidentally quiet it. Unless you get rid of the center channel and mix it back in with the left and right channels. Then post-processing (also called mastering) can affect it and will sometimes grind down the voice levels if it's not done properly. **EDIT: People bitching that this is not sufficiently ELI5y: A channel is the part of a soundtrack that comes out of one speaker. For example, in stereo there are two channels: left and right. In 5.1 surround there are six: left, center, right, back-left, back-right, and low-frequency effect (for rumbles and thunder and such). When you reduce the number of channels by combining some of them together, that's called . Typically, a surround mix is downmixed to stereo by adding together the left, back-left and center into the left channel, and the right, back-right and center into the right channel (the LFE channel is usually discarded).
There are loads. But some common ones: Ad hominem To attack the person not the argument: "We should increase taxes", "Don't listen to him, he only showers once a week". I've been getting a lot of replies about this one. An ad hominem only occurs if you ignore the argument and attack the person to undermine the argument. "It's hot outside, let's all go for ice-cream." "That's a bad idea. I'm diabetic, you moron" is not ad hominem. It's not a very nice response, but he still counters the argument with a reason. "Men are more likely to drink-drive, so all men should be banned from driving." "You're a massive idiot." still isn't really ad hominem; he is attacking the person, but it is more like an insult than a counter argument. "Board games are the root of all evil. If we ban them then crime will go down." "You are clearly uneducated and a fool, so this cannot be true." is an ad hominem fallacy. And now I've probably made everything more confusing. Circular Reasoning Where the reason relies on the conclusion being true. "God exists because the Bible says so; Bible is true since it's the word of God". Slippery slope The assumption that accepting one thing will lead to increasing undesirable other things. "If we let the immigrants in then they will take our jobs, leaving us homeless and then our children will be forced to work as prostitutes for food. Is that what you want? Child prostitutes?"
Socialism can mean several different things depending on context. Formally, socialism is an economic system where the production of stuff (eg food, housing, and "commodities") is controlled by the people doing the producing. This is opposed to the current system where a small class of wealthy individuals owns controlling interest in production, and a majority of people exchange work for money paid to them by the owners. In practice "socialism" encompasses everything from state ownership of all land and productive material on one end of the spectrum, to some state intervention into the market economy in order to alleviate the pain of capitalism on the other end of the spectrum. The "some state intervention" is the common practice in developed economies, and fundamentally all mainstream political debate takes place in that range of action. Most people worldwide don't hate either the concept of socialism or socialism as currently practiced. There is a hard dislike of the term socialism in the United States, possibly as a legacy of the cold war, possibly because no mainstream politicians defend it. The "socialist" policies in place in the United States are very popular, however. Think Social Security, the VA, graduated income taxes, etc.
Oh my goodness, I know that I'm late to this party and this is going to get buried but the top answer, while it does a good job of explaining the basic idea behind RSA Encryption, has nothing to do with the answer to the question except that both answers ought to contain the word "prime". The ABC conjecture doesn't say anything about the distribution of primes or help you find new primes or anything like that. Proving or disproving it would have absolutely no foreseeable impact on internet security. It's been suspected to be true for a long time, so its proof, while exciting, isn't necessarily surprising. Someone had to prove it since it was sort of something that was "obviously true" in a way, but no proof was known. If you would like a real answer, here it is. There is a law in math that is so important that it is called The Fundamental Theorem of Arithmetic. It says the following: every natural number greater than 1 (the natural numbers are the numbers 1, 2, 3, ...) is either a prime number, or is the product of at least two prime numbers, and not both. Furthermore, if it's the second option, then the set of prime numbers which multiply together to equal that number is unique—that is, there is no other set of prime numbers which multiplies together to equal the number in question. Then, every natural number greater than 1 has a : if a number is prime, like 17, then the prime factorization is {17}. If a number is composite like 48, then the prime factorization is {2, 2, 2, 2, 3}. You can reorder those numbers, but you can't take any out or add any or switch any for other prime numbers and expect them to multiply to be 48.
Federalist #39 (the series of letters written by the authors of the Constitution wherein they told us what it means) is very clear about why the Electoral college exists, and it isn't about "communications difficulties" or "the people are too stupid to directly elect a President" They did it this way because they did a thorough study of the history of civilizations and discovered the both democracy and federalist governments have inherent flaws that tend to cause the society to collapse into despotism. The looked a Greek, Roman, and Lycean democracies, Germany Federal Republic, and others. The first 3 Federalist Papers are little more than a history lesson, and fascinating. Our system of government is crafted to avoid those inherent flaws by combining some parts of democracy (the House of Representatives, every citizen has an equal say therefore populous states have greater sway) with some parts of a Republic (the Senate, every state has an equal say regardless of population). The electoral college is the combination of those two ideas, neither wholly democratic nor wholly federal, but a combination of the two that overcomes the weaknesses of each.
Since I don't really see it being said elsewhere, there are a variation of schizophrenic symptoms. It is not all the same. Some schizophrenics believe themselves to be someone they are not -- such as a king. This feels exactly as it sounds. You honestly believe you are someone that you are not. A king, the target of a government conspiracy because you know too much, whatever. It's usually someone very important. Some schizophrenics hear or see things that are not there -- as adequately described by kindredflame. Some schizophrenics believes weird situations -- like conspiracy theorists or aliens. To add a little more to what kindredflame said, it feels horrible. Different types of schizophrenia feel differently, I imagine; but one type is the good/bad voices. It's a surprisingly common type of schizophrenia where there are two or more voices in your head. They are almost always dichotomous in that one is telling you good things ("You're a great person," "You're going to achieve great things," "You should be proud of yourself.") and the other is telling you horrible things ("Life isn't worth living," "You are nothing," "You should just kill yourself," "Nobody loves you."). Have you ever been in a room where everyone was talking too loud, and you had to go outside for some quiet? It's like that, except you can't go outside. Ever. Not even at night. You are just constantly in that room. And not only is everyone talking really loudly, they are talking about , and they are talking in extremes. Not realistically. They are talking about how you are either the greatest person on the planet or the worst person on the planet, and they mean it. They aren't joking. This is what they think about you, really loudly, 24/7, and you have to listen to it, and you can't make them stop.
I'm teaching in Korea at the moment, which recently surpassed Japan in suicide rates. Korea has the highest suicide rate in the world, among the top 31 wealthiest nations now, and suicide is the number one cause of death for people under the age of 40 in the country. last time I checked, anyway (about 2 months ago). Japan and Korea certainly share some similarities. The week or so after I arrived, a 10 year old girl at a school near my town got a decent grade on a report card. It wasn't the best grade, it wasn't the worst. Her mom was pissed and, as a punishment, took her to the barber shop to get her hair cut way shorter than usual. A few days later the girl jumped from the 17th story of her apartment building. She left a bunch of notes written to her friends in crayon that said "Life is too difficult." Even in Asian countries that aren't communist, the cultures are still collectivist. You're not really you. You are a cog in your society. You're expected to do your part, keep your head down, bust your ass, and not think too much about why. Kids here, even the tiny elementary school kids, have longer days than I do.
Vernix protects the fetus skin until he is "done cooking". A term infant (one who is born on time, 38-41 weeks gestation) will only have vernix present in the skin folds, like behind the knees and in the neck and genitals. A premature infant will be born covered in vernix. A post-term infant will have no vernix present. His skin will typically be dry and peeling, especially the hands and feet (the amniotic fluid has a high salt content).. Where does the vernix go, you make ask????? Essentially, the fetus eats it! Surfactant is a substance which is produced in the lungs. It makes the lungs very easy to inflate, like a balloon that is blown up many times over. It works by reducing surface tension, like soap. Once the fetal lungs have matured and begun producing the surfactant, the fetus exhales the substance into the amniotic fluid. This causes the vernix to release from the skin. The fetus eats and breathes in the vernix chunks. While this sounds gross, the vernix actually has immunological properties similar to breast milk, helping to provide the soon to be born infant with an immune system! So cool . how it all works. Premature infants are born covered in vernix and have difficulty breathing because their lungs have not produced the surfactant yet. Source: I am a nursing faculty member who teaches OB (birthing babies)
I am a bookbinder by trade, so I feel equipped to answer your question. As dko pointed out, books are not printed the way you print thing at home. However, you can absolutely, totally print a book at home. As a testament to that, I do it all the time. Why The Extra Sheets? Hard cover books especially are prone to having extra sheets in the front and back of the book, and there are a few reasons for this. If you look at the graphic dko posted here, you can see the basic structure of the book. Fold a sheet of paper in half, and you now have four pages. Fold another sheet in half and nest it inside of that one. Do this two more times and you have what is called a signature. You could achieve a similar result by taking four sheets of paper on top of each other and folding them in half to make a signature. A book is made by combining several of these signatures together in the form of a text block. A good book will have them sewn together, but many paperbacks will just be glued through a slightly different process. Now remember that each set of pages is a piece of paper folded in half (a folio), this means that every book must contain a multiple of four pages. But every book is different. Some might have 401 pages. This isn't divisible by 4 evenly, so what do we do? Sure, we could cut out that one page. But what if the book was 399 pages? Are you going to cut 3 pages of content out? Probably not. To even out the signatures so they have the correct number of pages, blank pages will be inserted.
domestic dogs are social animals, like humans, because we have selectively bred the most social dogs over the course of thousands of years. However, this selection has been so successful that dogs are not just social with themselves, they also include humans in that social sphere. This means that when a dog sees a child, it doesn't see a small adult human, it sees a puppy in human form. The dog can recognise that a child is a baby human, not just one that happens to be small. NOW, the dog will automatically place itself somewhere in what it sees as the house hierarchy. This is where how the dog is raised becomes really important. If the dog is raised with love and kindness and given treats and not treated badly then he will see his family like a cooperative pack. The dog will generally be friendly, loyal, happy and confident and they will generally let kids get away with the same goofiness that puppies get away with. On the other hand, if the dog is raised with violence, anger and intimidation, you will find an anxious animal that sees its family as a competitive pack ... and children better watch themselves. TL;DR - a dog in a loving family will be tolerant of kids and protective of the property, a dog raised in an abusive family is more likely to snap or be afraid of strangers.
Although laws vary by region, anything filmed in a public place can broadcast anyone's face. No one has a reasonable expectation of privacy in public. Why you see so many blurred faces, is because it's often beneficial to the production company to do this. There is rarely law that forces them to. Take true crime reality TV like Cops, or The First 48. Everyone who is arrested, can have their face broadcast. That's typically the law. This is why you'll see the people placed under arrest try to hide their face, but they won't be blurred. Same goes for court TV, and TV journalism outside court houses. Bystanders, witnesses, family, etc. are asked to sign a release. If they aren't willing, they are told their faces will be blurred, and their voices altered if they wish. This is so that the production of the TV show, doesn't hamper the investigation. If people watched these shows and saw that they never blur faces, they'd be much less likely to talk to the police, if they know their face will be broadcast. No police department would let a reality TV show get in the way of their investigation. Hence, all the blurred faces. Celebrities, and politicians are aware of these laws, they know that anyone can film anything in a public places. Launching lawsuits is a waste of their time and money.
“If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough” – Albert Einstein As I'm sure you already know, this subreddit is by far the quickest-growing in reddit's history, and is already in the top 100 on the entire site. However, with our rapidly growing size we'll need to be extra careful that we head in the right direction. Most importantly, remember the name of the subreddit. This is for legitimately elementary school-level explanations. Here is a wonderful example. Here, on the other hand, is something we should steer clear of (no offense to Nebula42; it's very informative but you'd be hard-pressed to find a five-year-old who can understand it). Some topics are very difficult to explain on a low level, but keep in mind the Einstein quote above. Our other policies will be opened now for public discussion. We want to create an environment of friendly collaboration, so instead of making unilateral decisions we're going to propose a number of options for this /r/ and see what the popular opinion is. The ability to mark your question as answered. If we implement this, by responding to a post with some keyphrase ("thank you" or something similar) you will trigger a CSS bot to mark your post with a check, letting other users know immediately that the post has been answered. To ensure that we stay on an elementary school level, you would only mark an answer as sufficient if you really and truly believe it is simple enough for an elementary school student. Alternatively, we could have a panel of mods decide if an answer is good and apply checks accordingly. Discuss. A way to distinguish between actual questions and other posts. Administrative posts, suggestions for the /r/, and other submissions not actually looking for an explanation could be somehow distinguished (I suggest by having the link color of non-question posts be faded). This would require having a keyword (LI5 or ELI5) in the question posts so they are easily distinguished. This also means users will be forced to use LI5 or ELI5 or their post will be miscategorized. Discuss. User tags for users who consistently give good answers. Similar to something r/askscience has, we'd like to give tags to users who repeatedly give educated and, more importantly, simple explanations of complicated topics. The how, when, and what are less clear. Discuss. Removing comments which add nothing. I would personally like to see fewer comments like this in this subreddit. I feel it clogs threads and takes focus away from responders who have something to add (like this response to the same parent comment). I would support reporting/removing comments which add nothing, but again – this thread is for public discussion of policies. We hope this subreddit will continue to grow in a positive and fruitful direction, and we can't do it without your help in guiding it. Please discuss any of the above topics in the comment section! tl;dr – read the bold parts
Alright, for this explanation, let us assume that we have a program that you want to "try". This program needs a key that has 16 numbers, each one 0 to 9. le_dom said that you acquire a small amount of keys and generate the formula based on those. However, say we have the following: 0478-1033-6147-0333 5500-3511-1819-5675 9172-3163-6369-9191 7908-1171-1394-7075 2550-2711-4216-2469 1234-1321-1233-1233 8142-0797-1001-8445 9336-0002-5196-9025 ...it's seemingly impossible to see any pattern in that. The people who make programs try to make it hard to guess which ones are valid and which ones aren't. However, when you put the key into the program, it somehow knows if the key is valid or not. What the program is doing is checking a predetermined formula to see if the key fulfills the formula. Now, here's where the hackers are clever. Instead of just trying to figure out the formula by guessing, they (disassemble it) and look at what it's told to do when it's given a key. That is the formula that is needed. They take that formula, and write a program of their own that makes keys so that formula is fulfilled.
Edit: I'm sorry I didn't follow the posting guidelines. The title should have read as follows: ELI5 - What exactly are muscle knots? I assume they form under stress, but why do they stay formed for long periods of time? Edit 2: Thank all of you for your responses and answers!! For some reason, the most highly voted answer has been deleted. I pasted a copy of that text below. (Shout out to chaveza94!) From chaveza94 - This is what the top comment that has now been deleted said: "Muscle knots are tiny automatic splints that form in muscles where you have tears. Here's what's going on. Your muscles (with the exception of your tongue), can only do two things: contract, and stop contracting. When you move your arm, the muscle contracts, when you move it back the muscle that moved it first stops resisting, and lets the other muscle move it back. When one of your muscles is damaged and gets a tiny tear in it, it tries to keep the tear from getting worse by clenching down around the tear. The muscle stays like that until the tear is healed (usually takes a day or two, muscles heal extremely fast). Well... Now we have a problem... Remember how your muscles can only contract? Well... now you have that splint clenched as hard as it can, and it's stopped contracting, but we have become a lazy and indolent species, and while normally our natural movement would cause the splint to be relaxed out, now it stays... and hurts. We call these knots, because they feel like knots tied in a rope. Knots! Have very little to do with stress... But there is another kind of nasty muscle pain that is often misrepresented as a "knot". This is the Fascial Adhesion. If you are under stress, this is probably what you are feeling. Here's what happens... All of your body is covered in a thin sheath of material called Fascia, every cell, is covered in it, it's what gives you your shape. Well muscle fibers covered in the stuff move within it back and forth. In places where your body doesn't need to move the muscle, so much as have it remain in place and strong, the fibers die out and the fascia bonds together. This happens normally, and it results in a tendon. This is perfectly normal... up to a point. When you are stressed you have a tendency to bunch up muscles and keep them that way. After a while the muscle fibers throw in the towel, and signal to the body that they are not really a muscle (biologically expensive) and could be replaced by a tendon (biologically inexpensive), and the fascia starts to bond together. This causes "muscle tightness" and frankly, hurts. If you get a massage and it hurts like someone took a hot knife through your muscles? It's the Fascial Adhesion breaking apart. Solution: To both knots and fascial adhesions are the same. Get a massage to deal with the knots and adhesions you have now, and move more to keep from getting them again. Seriously. Yoga. Source: Massage therapist for a number of years."
This is what the top comment that has now been deleted said: "Muscle knots are tiny automatic splints that form in muscles where you have tears. Here's what's going on. Your muscles (with the exception of your tongue), can only do two things: contract, and stop contracting. When you move your arm, the muscle contracts, when you move it back the muscle that moved it first stops resisting, and lets the other muscle move it back. When one of your muscles is damaged and gets a tiny tear in it, it tries to keep the tear from getting worse by clenching down around the tear. The muscle stays like that until the tear is healed (usually takes a day or two, muscles heal extremely fast). Well... Now we have a problem... Remember how your muscles can only contract? Well... now you have that splint clenched as hard as it can, and it's stopped contracting, but we have become a lazy and indolent species, and while normally our natural movement would cause the splint to be relaxed out, now it stays... and hurts. We call these knots, because they feel like knots tied in a rope. Knots! Have very little to do with stress... But there is another kind of nasty muscle pain that is often misrepresented as a "knot". This is the Fascial Adhesion. If you are under stress, this is probably what you are feeling. Here's what happens... All of your body is covered in a thin sheath of material called Fascia, every cell, is covered in it, it's what gives you your shape. Well muscle fibers covered in the stuff move within it back and forth. In places where your body doesn't need to move the muscle, so much as have it remain in place and strong, the fibers die out and the fascia bonds together. This happens normally, and it results in a tendon. This is perfectly normal... up to a point. When you are stressed you have a tendency to bunch up muscles and keep them that way. After a while the muscle fibers throw in the towel, and signal to the body that they are not really a muscle (biologically expensive) and could be replaced by a tendon (biologically inexpensive), and the fascia starts to bond together. This causes "muscle tightness" and frankly, hurts. If you get a massage and it hurts like someone took a hot knife through your muscles? It's the Fascial Adhesion breaking apart. Solution: To both knots and fascial adhesions are the same. Get a massage to deal with the knots and adhesions you have now, and move more to keep from getting them again. Seriously. Yoga. Source: Massage therapist for a number of years."
First, I hate Flathead screws for what I believe are self-evident reasons. Second, I don't understand why switches mount with Phillips or combination Flathead-Phillips, but the plates mount with Flatheads. After researching screws (no kidding) on Wikipedia, I've determined that there is a really interesting history of screws, but no explanation for why we still use Flathead screws. EDIT: Excellent feedback. I accidentally clicked on the exclamation mark - I don't think the question has been answered by a long shot. It remains open, and weird. Aesthetics are largely subjective; to say that a line is more aesthetically pleasing than a star, hex, triangle, square,or any of the other screw drive types (longer list here) is a bit of a stretch. As far as being less noticeable, I disagree. A Spanner head or Robertson would look pleasing on a wall plate. As for paint issues, no one that I know spray's on wall plates - you remove these before painting, or tape over them. Lastly, as far as concerns of stripping bolts go, multiple individuals have pointed out the utility of Robertson heads; the inability to strip them because you have a limited number of drivers, unlike philips. As for myself, I use torque / torx heads or Robertson when I can, tolerate Phillips, and continue to grit my teeth when using Flathead screws. EDIT2: eelnitsud provides the following succinct reasoning: A flat head screw is used when a higher amount of torque is needed. It's shape allows it to be tightened tighter without the tool slipping. A philips head screw is used to prevent overtightening by allowing the tool to slip when a certain tention is reached. Flat head screws have been around much longer than power tools. - source: electrical trade school.
I asked my dad this same question last week as he is a VP of maintenance at a large airport. The airports may be municipally owned (owned by the city that has the airport) or may be financed by bonds (that is the airport borrows the money from the city and pays it back in regular installments.) Airports make most of their money, not by raping the passengers on the cost of a cheeseburger, but by landing fees. These fees are set based on the landing weight of the aircraft. There are charts that show what the expected landing weight of a particular model of aircraft is based upon the number of passengers. The contract for per pound weight is negotiated for several years out and can be renegotiated if a need arises. The airport, for obvious reasons wants to get the per pound weight as high as it can. The airlines want it to be low. Set the rate too low, and the airport loses money. Set the rate too high, and the airlines will land somewhere else. Airports generally don't want aircraft to park at the airport, as this takes up space that could be better used by planes taking off and landing, however some of the larger airports may have some maintenance bays (hangers) that the aircraft can lease while services are being performed.
As others pointed out, it's probably not much faster, it's just that your brain doesn't understand where to break up the sounds into meaningful words, so you just hear a blur of alien syllables in rapid succession. However, there's a little more to it. There's been research done into this, and some languages legitimately are faster than others; sometimes much faster. BUT, that increased speed comes with a decrease in information density, so that the average amount of actual semantic content communicated per time is more or less the same across all languages (less than 5% difference across all languages). That suggests that the human brain has a fundamental speed limit on how quickly we can process spoken language, which is really cool. If that's too many science words for ELI5, the gist is that "slow" languages like Chinese might take 5 seconds to say 10 syllables, and "fast" languages like Spanish might take 5 seconds to say 20 syllables, but that 10 seconds of speech might express exactly the same information in both languages. They all sound fast if you don't speak that language, though.
About a month ago I submitted a post of "big questions" my 9 and 10 year old students had. http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/qklvn/questions_from_a_grade_34_class/ The kids were ecstatic to read the responses you all submitted. I was blown away at the communities willingness to answer all of their questions. They were so excited that they immediately started coming up with more questions and asked me to post them. Here is their latest batch of question. Why do we see the sky when we look up and not the universe? What are atoms made of? Why do we have fingernails on our fingertips? Why doesn’t it cover our whole body? Why did the Big Bang explode? Who was the first person on Earth? Why is a year 365 days? Why not 366 or 364? Why is there seven days in a week? Why do we laugh, smile and cry? What happens when you go in a black hole in space? What do deaf people hear when they think? Why do dogs only see in black and white? Who invented math? What is the sky? Why after you yawn do tears fall out? Will the human race die? Why is the moon gray? If you lose your tongue, can you still talk? How does electricity work? How does a nose smell things? Are ghosts real? Who thought of sign language? Why is there fat in our bodies? What was the first kind of bird on Earth? Why does a car need oil? How come when your feet are cold your tears are still warm? Why are there clouds? Why do we have nightmares? How do you put the lead in a pencil? How do we get helium if it goes in the air? Why do we need blood? How did atoms get created cause practically they are everywhere.
I can only do one, but here goes: Why do we see the sky when we look up and not the universe? When you look up in the sky, you DO see the universe! The stars and planets and the sun are all part of the universe. When you see the stars, that's in outer space, which means it's really, really far away. The stars that you see are often bigger than our sun, but because they're so far away, they seem like little specks. They're part of the universe. Some of the stars that you see are actually planets, which is pretty cool. You can usually find Venus and Mars on clear nights. They're part of our solar system, which is our part of the universe. The reason that it looks like a black blanket with sparkles on it is because it's so far away that everything just seems tiny and flat. But it's not, it's immensely huge and it's growing all the time. When you look up in the daytime and you can't see the stars, you're still seeing the universe. The sun is part of the universe, but we're facing it, and so it makes it too bright to see the further-away light from the stars. When you're looking at the sun though, you're still looking at the universe. Ok, here's the exciting part. Look at your hand. Now look at the farthest away thing you can see. Now think about your best friend. Now imagine China. Think about your great-great-great-great-grandmother. Look at your desk. These things are all part of the universe too! Every time you look at anything, you're looking at the universe. You're part of the universe! You're made out of the same stuff that makes up all the other things, and everything came out of the Big Bang (which I'm hoping some other Redditor will have the good grace to explain, because I can't do it).
THE PROLOGUE: A group of extremely powerful guys form the "Wisemen's Committee," which is basically a group that rules the world from behind the scenes. The group gets bigger, and name themselves "The Philosophers." They pool shitloads of money together and continue ruling the world. One of their members tries to expose their existence to the world. They kill him. His daughter goes on to become a legendary soldier codenamed "The Joy," because she enjoys war so much. She and her unit kick all kinds of ass all through World War II. Because she kicked so much ass, she is renamed "The Boss" and gains a reputation as a living legend. She takes on a protege. METAL GEAR SOLID 3 - SNAKE EATER: The Boss' protege, codenamed "Naked Snake" is sent on a mission to Russia during the height of the Cold War. The Boss betrays him and steals a powerful new nuclear tank called the Shagohod. This is important because the Shagohod was designed as a competitive alternative for the world-shatteringly important weapon known as "Metal Gear." Naked Snake fights a Russian Soldier named Ocelot. Ocelot goes on to be an absurdly important character thirty years later. Naked Snake kills his way through the Boss' old unit, destroys the shit out of the Shagohod to stop it from being used to spark World War III, and then kills the Boss. Naked Snake then finds out that the Boss wasn't really a bad guy after all, she was just so idealistic and devoted to her duty that she was willing to give her life and die as a villain rather than betray her orders. Naked Snake is given the name of "Big Boss," basically just to prove that he was an even bigger badass than she was.
When you move your eyes (called a saccade), your brain effectively ignores all input from your eyes during the few milliseconds that they're moving, to avoid uselessly-blurred vision. In short, you are blind to anything that happens during a saccade. "But wait!" you exclaim. "I don't have constant gaps in my vision, so I can't be blind during a saccade." Well, just like you have a blind spot that you can't normally see because your brain fills in the gaps, the brain is also "filling in the gaps" during a saccade. The way it does this is by taking the first thing that you see when your eyes stop moving long enough to stabilize the image, and sort of backdating it in your memory so that you think that you saw it earlier than you did. If you want a quick demonstration, look in a mirror and quickly glance between looking at your left and right eyes. You'll never once see your eyes move, because your brain is filtering it out. Next, try doing the same thing with the front-facing camera on a smart phone. The small delay in displaying the image on the screen means that you can see your eyes moving, and it's an eerie experience, since it's likely that you've never seen it before. So if, when you glance at a clock, you happen to catch it just as the second hand ticks over, your brain makes you think that it's been in that position for a couple of hundred milliseconds to cover up the fact that it's been throwing away all the visual data from your eyes for a few hundred milliseconds. The end result is the illusion that it takes more than a second to tick the next time.
Here I continue my efforts to try and break down the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, A.K.A. PPACA, A.K.A. ACA, A.K.A. "Obamacare". Here is my summation of the bill. Here is Part 1 of the Point-By-Point . As I said before, this is a huge undertaking. The current version of the bill is 974 pages long, and I'm going through it bit by bit. But it's going to take a while to do it. I'll keep adding to this until I'm finished, but given that I have a job and a social life, I can't say how long it'll take. Also, I'll try to address questions people have as best I can, but again, it might take me a while to get back to you. Please be patient. So, without further ado, here goes... (Note: I am NOT an expert! I'm just a guy. If I have made an error on any of this, please let me know!) (Note: For the sake of clarity and continuity, any references to page numbers will be referring to the PDF file, not the page number in the document) Page 198, Sec. 2001 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, so that starting in 2014, everyone up to 133% of the poverty line is covered by Medicaid. From what I can tell, looking at the Social Security Act, it looks like it's currently a mishmesh of various qualifications, one being that a person is under 100% of the poverty line. So this will make for a pretty huge number of people who Medicaid grows to encompass. This section also increases federal funding to support the increase. However, it should be mentioned that a recent court ruling, amongst other things, made it clear that individual states could opt not to do this. However, in Justice Roberts' opinion "Congress may offer the States grants and require the States to comply with accompanying conditions, but the States must have a genuine choice whether to accept the offer.", so in other words, States can't be forced to do this, but they can be given incentives to do this. Page 210, Sec. 2004 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, so that starting in 2014, Medicaid covers former foster children under the age of 26. Page 210, Sec. 2005 - Increases the amount of Medicare money given to US Territories like Puerto Rico. Page 211, Sec. 2006 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act. It looks like what it's doing is that starting in 2011, the amount of money the Federal Government chips in for medical care when there is a major disaster increases. Page 212, Sec. 2007 - Between 2014 and 2018, this cuts about $700,000,000 from a part of Medicaid called the Medicaid Improvement Fund, a yearly fund established to improve the management of Medicaid. Clearly, this was done to help fund this bill, which itself tries to improve Medicaid (along with everything else). Page 213, Sec. 2101 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, so that Between October 2005 and September 2009, the amount of money allocated to the Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP) increases, and this section says that states that want to get this increased funding need to make sure that the health insurance provided under CHIP meets the same standards as those in this bill. Page 216, Sec. 2102 - Alters two other bills, the Social Security Act, and the Children's Health Insurance Program Reauthorization Act of 2009 (CHIPRA). It looks like it's just coordinating everything so it all makes sense together. Page 217, Sec. 2201 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, by adding the following section. Page 217, Sec. 1943 - This calls for the creation of a website for people who use Medicaid and CHIP to sign up for and renew insurance plans using their state's insurance exchanges. Page 219, Sec. 2202 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act. From what I can tell, it looks like this allows a hospital to choose whether they want to be able to make a determination whether or not a patient is covered under Medicaid. I'm just guessing here, but I think that this is to streamline things and make it easier for hospitals to sign patients up for Medicaid if a patient looks like they might qualify for Medicaid. Page 220, Sec. 2301 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to allow Medicaid to cover "Freestanding Birth Centers", which look like they are essentially an establishment which is not a hospital, but which provides services to mothers giving birth. So... picture a maternity ward without the rest of the hospital, and that seems like the sort of thing they're describing. Page 221, Sec. 2302 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to say that if a child has been diagnosed with a terminal illness, and the parents have chosen to pay for hospice care, that paying for hospice care doesn't mean that they are giving up any other forms of care that Medicaid and CHIP might provide for their child as well. Page 222, Sec. 2303 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to provide those with a low income (an amount which is to be decided by each State) access to family planning medical services. From what I can tell, this means stuff like STD testing, contraceptives, etc. Okay, it looks like a lot of the stuff coming up pertains to long-term care - for people who are bedridden and need medical supervision, people who are in a nursing home or have an in-home caregiver, etc. Page 225, Sec. 2304 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to clarify the wording of one part. Page 225, Sec. 2401 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, so that beginning in October 2011, states may provide those with an income level under 150% of the poverty line (which, like I said in Part 1, is based on your age and how many people are in your household) care in a nursing home, in-home care, etc. It looks like this section is optional for States to follow, but those that choose to do it (and follow numerous standards set in place by this section) will benefit from an increase in Federal funding. Page 230, Sec. 2402 - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to create regulations for various types of state-provided long-term care (again, stuff like nursing homes and in-home care), allowing states to cater to those who could benefit from different kinds of long-term care while still working within pre-set standards. Page 233, Sec. 2403 - Alters another bill, the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005. Reading around on this, it looks like this has to do with states funding long-term care, and transitioning into and out of hospitals (as opposed to nursing homes and in-home care). The Deficit Reduction Act had a part to smooth this transition, and this section extends that part, as well as expanding the people it can cover (based on how long a person has been receiving long-term care). Page 234, Sec. 2404 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act. It's hard to parse through this one, since it bounces around to different sections of the Social Security Act, but the gist of it seems to deal with a part of the Social Security Act that happens when your spouse becomes institutionalized in some form of long-term care, and the state helps with your expenses during that time (because long-term medical care can be costly). This section seems to make it so that from 2014-2019, this help also includes medical coverage. Page 234, Sec. 2405 - Sets aside $50,000,000 (over a five-year period) to help pay for another bill, the Older Americans Act of 1965. Page 234, Sec. 2406 - This is basically the bill talking about how important a topic long-term care is, and saying in a general way that Congress should talk about it more and that more support should be made for community-level care (like nursing homes and in-home care) as opposed to only hospital care. Page 235, Sec. 2501 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to increase the size of the drug rebates poor people get through Medicaid, and also to specify that no rebates are to be for an amount higher than the average price of the drug. Page 238, Sec. 2502 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to allow Medicaid to cover more types of drugs, including Barbiturates, Benzodiazepines, and drugs that help people to quit smoking. Page 239, Sec. 2503 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act. It looks like this sets a way to determine what the limits are for how much Medicaid is supposed to reimburse people for pharmacy drugs. Page 242, Sec. 2551 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act. This one is cutting a lot of money from payments made to states called Disproportionate Share Hospital (DSH) Payments. These are payments that states then turn over to hospitals to help compensate them for treating emergency patients who don't have insurance. Clearly the idea is that since more patients will have insurance after the PPACA goes into full swing, hospitals won't need as much of these funds. From 2014-2020, $18.1 Billion will be cut from the amount given to states for this, and the Secretary of Health and Human Services is to decide how much each state gets cut based on what percentage of their population is insured, as well as a few other factors. Page 243, Sec. 2601 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act. I'm not entirely sure about this, because it's hard to find information on it, but it looks like it gives states the option to get 5-10-year waivers so they don't have to follow Federal regulations for Medicaid when it comes to "Demonstration Projects" (Look farther down to see some of these), which looks like they are ways to test out new alternate approaches to Medicaid. However, the Secretary of Health and Human Resources can pull the plug on these waivers if it looks like a Demonstration Project isn't working the way it is intended. Page 244, Sec. 2602 - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Resources to create the Federal Coordinated Health Care Office, which is in charge of managing the areas of overlap between Medicare and Medicaid, to make it more effective and efficient for people who qualify for both to get the services they're covered for, and make sure there's not any waste. Page 246, Sec. 2701 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to add the next section. Page 246, Sec. 1139B - On a yearly basis from 2011-2014, and then every three years after 2014, the Secretary of Health and Human Services is to write a report on recommended standards for adult care for Medicaid patients, much like a similar report that's already written for children. This section also calls for the establishment of the Medicaid Quality Measurement Program to develop and test better methods of adult care (again, like a similar program already in existence for children). $60 Million will be set aside every year from 2010-2014 to fund this program. Page 248, Sec. 2702 - From what I can tell, this part directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to look at individual state practices that withhold payment from hospitals for health conditions caused by the hospitals' own neglect and negligence, and adopt them as general Medicaid practices. Page 248, Sec. 2703 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, so that starting in 2011, states may choose to offer medical plans for those with chronic conditions that they're calling a "Health Home", which appears to be a phrase that doesn't mean what it seems to. A "Health Home" doesn't seem to be an actual "home" per se, but more like a team of specialists assigned to look after you and coordinate your care. Page 252, Sec. 2704 - From 2012-2016, the Secretary of Health and Human Resources will start up one of those "Demonstration Projects" I mentioned earlier to test the effectiveness of doing bundled programs in Medicaid. Page 254, Sec. 2705 - From 2010-2012,The Secretary of Health and Human Resources will start up another one of those "Demonstration Projects" to give participating States an option to try out a different Medicaid payment structure for hospitals, so instead of paying hospitals based on the quantity of service they give, it's based on the quality. Page 255, Sec. 2706 - From 2012-2016, The Secretary of Health and Human Resources will start up another one of those "Demonstration Projects". This one gives states the opportunity to allow hospitals to become "Pediatric Accountable Care Organization", which looks like it's a way to reward Pediatric hospitals who find ways of saving money without reducing the amount of care patients receive. Page 256, Sec. 2707 - The Secretary of Health and Human Resources will start up another "Demonstration Project". This one gives states the opportunity to allow private psychiatric hospitals to be covered under Medicaid. This section allocates $75 Million for this, and specifies that it will be a three-year project that will happen sometime between 2011 and 2015. Page 258, Sec. 2801 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to try to improve MACPAC, which looks like it handles Medicaid and CHIP payments. This section clarifies wording, emphasizes efficiency and preventive care, and adds in a bunch of directions to communicate more clearly and frequently with Congress and the states, as well as coordinating with MedPAC, which handles Medicare payments. It also allocates $9 Million for this in 2010, as well as reallocating $2 Million from Social Security for this (out of $12 Billion that year - so comparatively speaking not much). Page 263, Sec. 2901 - Goes into more detail on some rules regarding Native American Indians and the Indian Health Service. Page 263, Sec. 2902 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, so that a reimbursement to Native American Indian hospitals under Medicare Part B, previously due to expire in 2010, will continue on. Page 264, Sec. 2951 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to add the next section. Page 264, Sec. 511 - 6 months after the bill passes, all states must conduct a "statewide needs assessment" to identify communities with high levels of crime, poverty, etc., how good state programs are at providing at-home medical visits for children, and the effectiveness of substance abuse treatment programs. States are report this information to the Secretary of Health and Human Resources, as well as informing the Secretary of what they intend to do to improve the situation in their state. This section authorizes the Secretary to make grants to states for these improvements (with an emphasis on communities in particularly bad shape), and directs the Secretary to track the improvements made after 3-5 years. This section also directs the Secretary to coordinate these efforts with the Maternal and Child Health Bureau and the Administration for Children and Families. From 2010-2014, $1.5 Billion is set aside for this section. Page 274, Sec. 2952 - Directs the Director of the National Institute of Mental Health to conduct a study on postpartum depression, and alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to add the next section. Page 275, Sec. 512 - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to use grant money for projects to diagnose and treat postpartum depression. The Secretary is to track the progress of these projects and report to Congress on the results. $3 Million is set aside for this in 2010, and "sums as may be necessary" in 2011 and 2012. Page 277, Sec. 2953 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to add the next section. Page 277, Sec. 513 - From 2010-2014, the Secretary of Health and Human Resources will give each state funding (based on the size of that state's population between ages 10-19) for sex education programs (pushing both abstinence and contraception). $375 Million is to be set aside for this from 2010-2014, with some of that specifically set aside for youths who are homeless, have AIDS, live in areas with high youth birth rates, etc. Along with this, there are calls for studies to see how effective these programs are in reducing youth pregnancy rates. Page 282, Sec. 2954 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to reinstate funding for abstinence-only sex education programs from 2010-2014. Page 283, Sec. 2955 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, so that starting in 2010, children without a parent (or who don't want their parents to be in charge of their medical decisions) are given more information about the importance of designating a Power of Attorney when it looks like they may need one to make medical decisions for them. Page 285, Sec. 3001 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, so that starting in 2013, the Secretary of Health and Human Services will establish a "hospital value-based purchasing program" so that instead of reimbursing hospitals based on the number of patients they have treated, they are reimbursed based on their success with a measure of specific conditions (heart failure, pneumonia, acute myocardial infarction), surgeries, and stuff like negligence. These measures are to take into account stuff like age, sex, race, severity of illness, etc., as well as the hospitals' prior success with these conditions, how much they've improved, and how they compare to other hospitals. Page 296, Sec. 3002 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to extend a program called the Physician Quality Reporting System, which offers an increase in pay as an incentive to doctors to report to the Secretary of Health and Human Services about the quality measures taken in their hospital. This amount decreases in 2012, and ends in 2015. Starting in 2015, doctors who fail to make these reports will have their pay reduced, and in 2016 it will be reduced even further. Page 298, Sec. 3003 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services, starting in 2012, to use claims data (and possibly other data) to give doctors information about resources and methods available to them to improve care for their patients. Page 301, Sec. 3004 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to make it so that starting in 2014, long-term care hospitals that fail to report to the Secretary of Health and Human Services about the quality measures taken in their hospital will receive reduced funding. Page 304, Sec. 3005 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to direct "PPS-Exempt Cancer Hospitals", beginning in 2014, to report to the Secretary of Health and Human Services about the quality measures taken in their hospital. Page 305, Sec. 3006 - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop a "value-based purchasing plan" in Medicare for "skilled nursing facilities", "home health agencies" and "ambulatory surgical centers", to make the pay they get under Medicare to be based on the quality of care they give based on criteria to be determined by the Secretary. These plans were to be presented to Congress throughout 2011. Page 307, Sec. 3007 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to come up with a "value-based payment modifier" to begin in 2013, which will pay doctors based on the quality and cost-effectiveness of their care (based on measures to be set by the Secretary). Page 310, Sec. 3008 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, so that starting in 2015, hospitals get less money when they treat patients for problems caused by their own negligence. This section also directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to conduct a study in 2012 to see how this change will affect quality of care and costs. Page 312, Sec. 3011 - Alters another bill, the Public Health Service Act, to add the next section. Page 312, Sec. 399HH - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Resources to create a report in 2011 on a strategy to improve the delivery of health care services that will be presented to Congress. This strategy will be updated at least once a year, with annual updates submitted to Congress. Page 314, Sec. 3012 - Directs the President to put together an "Interagency Working Group on Health Care Quality", comprised of senior representatives from numerous agencies and departments (everything from the Department of Health and Human Services to the US Coast Guard), with the purpose of coordinating efforts between departments as they pertain to the strategy outlined in the last section. This group is to present a yearly report to Congress on their progress and recommendations. Page 315, Sec. 3013 - Alters another bill, the Public Health Service Act, to reorganize a part of that bill to make room for the following section, which is to be added. Page 316, Sec. 931 - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Resources to consult with the Director of the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality and the Administrator of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services at least three times a year to look for any gaps in their quality measures. The Secretary will award grants to expand these quality measures as needed. This section also alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to have the Administrator of the Center for Medicare & Medicaid Services develop quality measures for those programs. From 2010-2014, $375 Million will be set aside for this section. Page 319, Sec. 3014 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act. The part of the Social Security Act it refers to creates a privately-owned non-profit group comprised of both health insurance representatives, as well as representatives of consumer advocacy groups, whose job it is to recommend ways to improve the quality and efficiency of health-care. What this section looks like it does is direct this group to recommend specific measures, and direct the Secretary of Health and Human Resources to keep track of how well these measures do. Page 323, Sec. 3015 - Alters another bill, the Public Health Service Act, to add the next section. Page 323, Sec. 399II - The language is a bit confusing, but it looks like this section directs the Secretary of Health and Human Resources to create more efficient ways to collect data on the cost and effectiveness of health care, and directs the Secretary to give grants and contracts to organizations and individuals that will assist in this task. Page 324, Sec. 399JJ - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Resources to create a website to report to the public on how successful the measures taken to ensure quality of care have been. This report will be provider-specific, so it looks like this will actually be a way to compare how effective different health care providers are. Page 325, Sec. 3021 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to add the next section. Page 325, Sec. 115A - Starting on January 1, 2011, this section creates something called the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation (CMI), meant to test new ways to make Medicare services and payments easier and more efficient, while keeping or improving the quality of care for patients. They have a website, which you can see here. There are 20 methods to be tested that are outlined in the ACA, but the Secretary may direct the CMI to test others that look like they have a good chance of improving Medicare and Medicaid. $10,005,000,000 will be set aside for this program from 2010-2019. Starting in 2012, the Secretary of Health and Human Resources is to submit a yearly report to Congress on the CMI. A few other minor language changes are made to the Social Security Act as well, mostly to accommodate the addition of the CMI. Page 332, Sec. 3022 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to add the next section. Page 332, Sec. 1899 - By January 1, 2012, the Secretary of health and Human Services is to establish the Medicare Shared Savings Program. This program allows for the creation of Accountable Care Organizations (ACOs), organizations comprised of a group of health care providers (hospitals, doctors, etc.). These organizations may then receive payments for lowering costs while maintaining standards of care for Medicare patients. The Secretary of Health and Human Services is to determine what these standards are, and how they are to be measured and reported. Basically, if a hospital or other qualified group of caregivers can find ways to reduce Medicare costs without sacrificing quality of care, they'll be rewarded for doing so (and undoubtedly successful methods can then be extended to other areas of Medicare). Page 337, Sec. 3023 - By January 1, 2013, the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish a "pilot program" to test to see if hospitals and doctors bundling payments (like how your cable and internet bill might be bundled) can help to lower costs without lowering the quality of care for patients. By January 1, 2015, the Secretary is to report to Congress on the progress of this program. By January 1, 2016, the Secretary is to report to Congress on the results of this program. Page 343, Sec. 3024 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to add the next section. Page 343, Sec. 1866E - Starting January 1, 2012, the Secretary of Health and Human Services to create a "demonstration program" to test payment incentives for doctors, nurses, etc. that provide on-call 24/7 in-home care. Basically, it looks like the thinking is that maybe if people with chronic conditions can get check-ups at home, they'll be less likely to need to go back to the hospital repeatedly for the same problem, less likely to make a trip to the emergency room, and more likely to get better-quality care. The Secretary of Health and Human Services is to develop standards for the care given to patients, and doctors who can reduce the costs of care for their patients while still meeting these standards will get incentive payments. $30,000,000 is set aside for this program from 2010-2015, and the Secretary is to report to Congress on its progress. The next few sections focus on reducing readmissions, where a patient keeps coming back for the same problem. Apparently, this is a big drain on Medicare. "One in five patients discharged from a hospital - approximately 2.6 million seniors - is readmitted within 30 days, at a cost of over $26 billion every year" ( Source: The Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation ). Page 347, Sec. 3025 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, so that starting in 2012, the payments made under Medicare to hospitals will be slightly reduced in cases of excessive readmission. This is apparently to encourage hospitals to fix the problem a patient comes in with in the first place. This section also adds the following section to another bill, the Public Health Service Act. Page 352, Sec. 399KK - Within two years of the enactment of this section (So... March, 2012, I think), the Secretary of Health and Human Services will make a program for hospitals with a high amount of readmissions to improve their readmission rates. So, while the previous section penalizes them for having too many readmissions, this one helps them to get their readmissions to acceptable levels. Hospitals that do this will report to the Secretary on the changes they make and how effective they are. Page 352, Sec. 3026 - From January 1, 2011, to January 1, 2016, the Secretary of Health and Human Resources will create a program to try and improve the care for patients being transitioned from one location (like a hospital) to another (such as the at-home care or Community-Based Organizations, for the purpose of reducing readmissions. Page 354, Sec. 3027 - Alters another bill, the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005, to extend a demonstration project in that bill to last roughly another year, and setting aside an additional $1,600,000 for this. This demonstration project had to do with gainsharing. From what I can tell, it looks like the idea is to give doctors and hospital staff incentive to reduce costs (without reducing the quality of care) by giving them a portion of that savings. Page 355, Sec. 3101 - This section was repealed. I'm not sure what it was before, but it's nothing more than a placeholder now. Page 355, Sec. 3102 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to renew one part that sets a bottom limit for the Work Geographic Index (used for determining Medicare costs), as well as adding what looks like some additional criteria for determining those costs. Page 357, Sec. 3103 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to renew one part that allows people to be exempted from some of the costs due to physical therapy expenses. Page 357, Sec. 3104 - Alters another bill, the Medicare, Medicaid, and SCHIP Benefits Improvement and Protection Act of 2000. It's really hard to read through this, but as best I can tell, this just extends Medicare payments for laboratory services for an additional year (2010). Page 357, Sec. 3105 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act. This one's also a bit difficult to read, but from what I can tell, it's just renewing funding for ambulance services for Medicare patients through 2011. Page 357, Sec. 3106 - Alters another bill, the Medicare, Medicaid, and SCHIP Extension Act of 2007. Another one that's difficult to read, but from what I can tell, it's just renewing funding for long-term care hospitals for Medicare patients for another two years. Page 357, Sec. 3107 - Alters another bill, the Medicare Improvements for Patients and Providers Act of 2008, extending funding for mental health treatments for Medicare patients an additional year (until 2010). Page 358, Sec. 3108 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, so that starting on January 1, 2011, Physician Assistants are added to the list of professionals (line nurses and doctors) allowed to order "post-hospital extended care services", services that a patient can be given after a 3+ day stay at a hospital. In other words, it's just giving physician assistants more freedom to sign you up for services you need after a long hospital stay. Page 358, Sec. 3109 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act. It looks like this is just clarifying when pharmacies have to send accreditation information regarding their quality standards to the Secretary of Health and Human Services, as well as indicating exemptions for certain types of pharmacies. Page 359, Sec. 3110 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act. It looks like the gist of it is that some beneficiaries of Tricare (civilian health benefits for veterans) will have an additional year to enroll in Medicare Part B, if they choose to do so. Page 360, Sec. 3111 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to reduce the amount paid to hospitals for X-Ray bone density scans in 2010 and 2011, as well as directing the Secretary of Health and Human Resources to work with the Institute of Medicine of the National Academies to conduct a report on the effect that this has. Page 361, Sec. 3112 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to cut all the funds going to the Medicare Improvement Fund in 2014. Specifically, this is cutting $22,290,000,000. Most likely this cut is because the PPACA does many of the same things the Medicare Improvement Fund is intended to, so this payment would be redundant. Page 361, Sec. 3113 - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to conduct a two-year demonstration project, starting July 1, 2011, where complex lab tests are paid using separate payments. No later than two years after the demonstration project is completed (so by July 1, 2015), the Secretary is to report to Congress on how this affected expenses and quality of care. $5,000,000 is set aside for this section from the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services Program Management Account, and the actual payments themselves are to get funds from the Federal Supplemental Medical Insurance Trust Fund. (Aaaaaand I've hit the character limit again! On to Part 3!)
This subreddit is rising as a scary rate. I subscribed about 20 minutes ago and it said 1,000 readers - now it's at around 2,500 4,000 nearly 20,000 readers. Checking the new queue, I'm seeing a disappointing number of submissions that are getting completely lost/ignored and also a bunch of submissions that are stupid attempts at the poster being funny. I'm just going to say three things: CHECK THE NEW QUEUE. USE YOUR VOTES. KEEP YOUR SUBMISSIONS SERIOUS. I know the last one sounds like I'm being a dick/boring/too serious but I see a lot of potential in this subreddit and I'd rather miss out on a few short-lived laughs from (p/f)unny titles to avoid compromising this subreddit. Thanks that is all. Edit: Two things? Three, I meant. Edit 2: As an addition, two more points: USE THE SEARCH FUNCTION. So far, there's been 3 posts on stocks, 2 on the internet, 2 on ISPs (I posted the first 2 hours ago and got 4 upvotes, the second one is from 30 minutes ago and has 14 upvotes sigh), 2 on money laundering and I'm sure plenty more. It takes like 5 seconds to enter a keyword and search. ** DON'T POST QUESTIONS THAT HAVE SINGLE, DEFINITIVE ANSWERS.** Please take it to /r/answers. No submissions like, "Can someone explain to me the density of hydrogen?" when you actually are asking, "What is the density of hydrogen?" for example. Thanks.
Air Force: Handles most of the aircraft operated by the US military, ranging from transport and support aircraft to fighters and bombers. In modern combat zones, the Air Force mostly handles logistics and surveillance (including AWACS and recon drones), cargo lifting (C-130s and C-17s), and close support attack missions (A-10 warthogs, B-52s, B-2s). The Air Force also operates a lot of the US military's space-based hardware, primarily recon and GPS satellites. Navy: Handles pretty much anything involving water. The obvious is things like aircraft carriers, cruisers, PT boats, and submarines. Less obvious, the Navy also maintains a large fleet of aircraft. The US Navy, if treated as a country, would have the second largest air force in the world, after the US Air Force. These aircraft cover everything from cargo/support choppers to F/A-18 Hornet fighter jets. US Nuclear Forces: The Air Force and Navy operate the majority of the US military's nuclear arsenal, ranging from ICBMs and sub-launched missiles to bomber dropped weapons. With that in mind, it's important to note that each of those respective branches alone have the capability of hitting every major city on Earth with a population greater than 500,000 with a nuclear weapon.
Top tier race driver needs to have great mix of skills that include driving skill - being smooth with the car, knowing the limits, being able to feel the car, to sense the optimum line, react instantly to the unexpected. The smoothness is the reason why fast drivers look like they are driving slowly, but it is needed to maximize traction, thus speed. Balance of aggressiveness and cool headedness. The driver needs to be aggressive enough to eg. commit for overtaking manoeuvres, resist other drivers' pressure, but at the same time, "to finish first, first you need to finish". technical competence. They say that the edge Michael Schumacher had over his competitors in his golden days was that he understood the car well and could help with proper set-up. For not the jet-setter levels of drivers it is even more important, they often need to help with the car themselves (4. Sponsors and networking. To break into the top level of drivers (ie. F1, GT2 etc.) you need to have serious money behind you. physical fitness and low weight. Lot of the events are physically demanding, require several hours of exercise and concentration. In some of the disciplines the driver's weight is substantial part of the total vehicle weight. having 10kg less can mean 10ths of a second on a lap)
There are several different ways the ISS gets oxygen! As you may know, water is made up of the elements Hydrogen and Oxygen. Those elements come packaged together in little bundles called "molecules." The ISS has a machine that can separate those little bundles into the two different elements. This lets them pull out the useful oxygen so that they can keep breathing! The machine that does this on the ISS is called the Elektron, and uses a cool process called electrolysis. There's another machine that is sometimes used on the ISS. This one is called the Vika, although it's sometimes called the "candle." The Vika works by burning a special kind of salt. This salt is called "lithium perchlorate." When the salt is burned, it produces mostly oxygen, and one liter of the salt can give one person oxygen for an entire day! This device is riskier than the Elektron, but it's been made much more safe in recent years. Of course, sometimes the machines like Vika and Elektron need repairs and don't work properly, so big oxygen canisters are sent up to the station. This isn't ideal, of course, but sometimes it has to happen. If you want to try out electrolysis for yourself, check out this experiment: Obviously, be careful when working with electricity and water!
Ok, so first we'll address proteins, carbs, and fats. Fats, which are like butter, oil, or the white stuff around a steak, can't combine with water. So, we weigh how much the food weighs at first, then we use a solution called "ether," which is kind of like scientist's dawn, to wash away the fat from the food. Then we weigh the food again & figure out how much is left. Then we subtract how much is left to how much we started with & that gives us how much fat is in the food. Carbs & proteins are trickier since they are both water soluble. For proteins, we can't directly measure proteins like we can for fat & instead measure a substance called nitrogen, which is another pure element like oxygen & carbon. We measure nitrogen because all proteins contain nitrogen. Now, to find the amount of nitrogen in a food, we mix the food with sulfuric acid, which is like the acid that we see on cartoons that eats almost everything it touches. This sulfuric acid will make ammonia, which is that smell made by cleaning products. We then measure the amount of ammonia made & that tells as how much nitrogen and, therefore, protein is in the food. Carbs are fun to measure because we essentially put the food sample into a small washing machine & add different detergents to figure out how many carbs are in the food. Like when finding fat, we measure how much food we started with, then how much food we ended with, subject one from the other & find out how much of the food was carbs. (DO NOT PUT FOOD IN THE WASHING MACHINE!)
Video compression works by throwing things out. The trick is to only throw out the bits that you won't miss. There are lots and lots of settings that determine what gets thrown out and when. If you use transcoding software like handbrake with the default settings, the converted video will look good, but it won't be all that small. You can start playing around with these settings, but unless you know what you're doing, the video may come out even bigger or it might look bad. It takes practice and effort to know what to change for what types of movies. To get really small (under 1.5GB) 720p rips that actually look good, you need to adjust these settings not just for the whole film, but from scene to scene. This requires a lot of work, and getting it right is almost an art. But no matter how good someone is at it, the h.264 codec is still not perfect and you're still throwing things out to make the video small. Some people are more sensitive to the distortions caused by this extra compression. You may not notice the difference (or at least not enough to ruin the experience), but others might. So between the effort involved and some people still not liking these super-compressed rips, they're not very common. But there is hope. The Motion Picture Experts Group (MPEG) has recently finalized the specifications for a new, better compression scheme called h.265. It is said to be twice as efficient as the current popular codec, so in the future, visually-identical 720p videos can really be half the size they are now without all the effort that is currently required.
Scars are not made up of cells, rather they are collagen plaques that replace missing cells (acting like cement). So when cells are replaced the scars don't just disappear. There are some processes that cause the scar to shrink by pulling the edges of the scar closer and closer (cicatrisation). There are also little machines called enzymes that can chew down the scar slowly but not always completely. EDIT: Often in young children, scars heal faster and even disappear because their repair systems are more efficient than in older people. There are also other factors involved as well, for example, skin fold lines called Langer's lines (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Langer%27s_lines) show the natural direction and folds of skin. What surgeons found was that if you cut skin in the same direction as skin naturally occurs, scarring is minimal; whereas if you cut skin against the grain, the scarring is much larger. This is very important in modern surgery because patients don't like huge scars when they have surgery. Tattoo ink is taken up by white blood cells that ingest them. These cells are called macrophages, they essentially engulf and 'eat' the ink, but are unable to break down the ink. Because they cannot digest the ink, these cells remain coloured by the ink that they consumed. As with all cells, these macrophages do eventually die, but when they do, the ink is ejected and taken up by new macrophages which continue the cycle over and over again (because the ink is not fully broken down).
This is the Commission on Presidential Debates. They've host the debates since 1988. It is a non-profit funded by the two major parties. In 2000, in order to prevent a similar Perot effect or Nader probably in that year, they made a rule that any candidate to be included must be polling at 15% nationally. This is probably because the two parties do not want to give up the spotlight and therefore power. Before that, the League of Women Voters, which is actually mostly a good governance/good campaign group than a women's advocacy group, hosted the debates. George H.W. Bush and Michael Dukakis's campaigns in 1988 conspired to rig the format of the debate and the LWV disowned the presidential debates. They still are probably the organization hosting your local debates. I recommend looking over the "criticism" section of the Wikipedia article on the CPD. There are some starting points for learning about the alternatives and the lawsuits against the CPD. I know in the past, C-SPAN has hosted a third-party debate. edited to fix wikipedia link
This is a long answer, which I think might be a little more satisfying than the others here to anyone who's interested in this question. I'm not a physicist, so take all this with a cup or two of of salt; but I'm not really satisfied with the answers so far, so I'll give my own try. The answers so far seem to get at some of the important points to your question, but don't tie things together in a very understandable way I think. So here goes. The first thing is to get some basic conceptual vocabulary down. The most important concept you'll need is the concept of a space-time manifold. Prior to Einstein, the world was used to thinking of space as this fixed three-dimensional grid that we move through. Think of a gigantic box that contains the whole universe. And we thought of time as a linear track that we were on, moving forward into the future, away from the past. So imagine this big box that contains the universe (space) now being set on a set of train tracks, and moving forward in a straight line, at a constant speed. On this picture, you can move around in space all you want, but it's just a bare fact about the universe that it's all moving forward in time at the same rate. Why you can't go back in time is sort of an unanswerable question. It's just a basic fact about the universe that everything's moving forward through time at a constant rate. You can't change that any more than you can change that matter takes up space, protons have positive charge, etc. And there's no more explanation for that fact than "well, that's just the way things are."
There are some good answers here already, but here's another answer in case you're wondering about actual food sickness rather than pooping out food that just doesn't digest well. Really fast food poisoning happens when you eat food that had bacteria growing on it for a while that produced toxins. The bacteria itself isn't making you sick, it's the toxins that were already made and sitting in the food. So when you eat the food with pre-made toxins, you develop diarrhea very quickly (it can even be less than an hour). The classic bacteria that does this is Staph Aureus, which likes things with mayonnaise and cream. So next time you're at a picnic and everyone gets sick right after, you can blame it on the potato salad and the Staph living in it. This is different than food poisoning by something like Campylobacter jejuni. The bacteria have to get in by eating contaminated food, then they have to grow for awhile and produce toxins. It takes time for there to be enough bacteria to make enough toxins to cause you to get sick, so it may be up to 10 days later before you get diarrhea. I'm a med student studying for boards right now, so this was actually a fun exercise. Hope it's helpful!
So you have 3 types of memory: sensory, short-term, and long-term. Most people are familiar with short-term (10-15 seconds, 5-9 items) and long-term (indefinite time, indefinite capacity) memory, but what you're experiencing is only sensory memory. Information comes in through your sensory organs (eyes, ears, etc.) and is held in your sensory register, which is pretty much a temporary storage bin. If you pay attention to the information, it goes into short-term memory and (potentially) long-term memory, but if you don't pay attention to it, it gets dumped. The purpose of sensory memory is to hold little pieces of information long enough for you to receive the rest of it. You use sensory memory to remember the beginning of a word while you read or hear the rest of it. It's more efficient for your brain to store whole words than individual letters, so you don't save it until you have the whole thing. So if you pay attention to information coming in, it can survive longer, but there's a lot of information that comes in through your senses that you don't pay attention to. Do you remember hearing that bird chirp outside? You heard it, but you didn't pay attention to it, so it made it to sensory memory and got dumped. What about when you look at your watch to see what time it is then have to look again 5 seconds later when someone asks you what time it is? You may have processed it enough to know that it's not time for you to leave, but you don't actually remember what time it is. When you're trying really hard to pay attention in class, but it feels like the words are going in one ear and out the other or when you read the same sentence over and over again but don't actually comprehend any of it? Sensory memory.
The first comment is rather simplistic. A man got shot by the police during an operation to reduce gun crime in the city under still unclear circumstances. Though police started an investigation the local people went out to protest in the streets. At first this was a peaceful protest with some police presence. It was only when a rumour spread that a teenage girl was hit/pushed/knocked down by a police man that the protest turned violent. From that point on the shit hit the fan, since Sunday riots spread to other (mostly low income) neighbourhoods of London and even, reportedly, other cities (Birmingham). As numerous other cases of such sudden social unrest the violence is likely driven by a much broader and deeper problems - unemployment, poverty, boredom, etc. The protesters are overwhelmingly young, with the majority being black but other ethnicities were also taking part. As it stands, there is a large police presence, lots of burnt out cars, smashed and looted shops and houses, and general disarray. Considering UK's financial situation, as well as the turmoil in the markets, this is not good for anyone, especially for the lower class people doing the rioting.
Someone else said this but I don't think it's been given enough attention: They are not certified to the same standard. Accreditation doesn't cover what many people think it does. At the institution level, accreditation is usually about resources and policies. Are there enough faculty? Is there enough money to support the enterprise? Is the library big enough to support student work? Does the college try to improve itself using good assessment methods? That's what institution-level accreditation is about. They don't go to the level of the course and say "Does biology 103 cover x amount of material with y amount of rigor?" Now, discipline- or field-level accreditation looks at these kinds of things a little more closely, but they are still not going to much around much with pedagogy or course content. They'll look at whether the degree program is coherent, whether key topics are covered, etc. So there is still a lot of room for variation from course to course between college campuses. Also, FWIW, not all programs seek accreditation and it's not just because they are crappy and think they won't pass. Sometimes really good programs don't seek it because they disagree with some of the principles espoused by the accrediting body, or they don't want to distribute student credit hours the way that accreditation would dictate. Four example, in my state (Michigan) only four of the 15 public institutions have bothered to get NCATE accreditation for their teacher education programs. One of the ones which didn't, MSU, has one of the best-regarded education programs in the country.
i have used ELI5 explanations to share simplistic answers to complex questions with my class in the past. They were excited to hear that there is a place they can ask "Big Questions" and get straight forward answers. I created a box for them to submit their questions in and told them I would make a post. I am sure many have previously been answered on the site but I am posting the list in its entirety. EDIT: Thanks so much for all the answers! I didn't expect so many people to try to answer every question. The kids will be ecstatic to see these responses. I will try to limit the number of the questions in the future. Below are all the questions they asked, some are substantially easier to answer than others. Why do we age? What do people see or feel when they die? Why are there girls and boys? How do you make metal? Why do we have different skin hair and eye colour? Why do we need food and water? How do your eyes and body move? Why do we sleep? Why don’t dinosaurs live anymore? How are dreams made? How do you sleep for so long? How did animals come? Who made up coffee? Did we come from monkeys? How does water have nothing in it? Who made up art? Why do we have eyebrows? How do you make erasers? How big is the universe? Who made up languages for Canada? Why is a doughnut called a doughnut if there’s no nuts in it? Why did the dinosaurs come before people? Why is the universe black? Why do we wear clothes? Why would the sun keep on fire if there is no air? How long until the sun goes supernova? How did Earth get water on it if it came from a fireball? How was the Earth made? Why are there different countries?
I'll take this one: Why would the sun keep on fire if there is no air? For a long time, people though the sun was just a big ball of fire in the sky. And it's true that the sun is very hot; hot enough to burn almost anything. But actually, the sun doesn't shine because it's on fire. If it did, it would have gone out already, because even the sun isn't big enough to burn for that long. Instead, the sun shines for the same reason that nuclear bombs explode. What happens in the sun and in nuclear bombs (some of them, anyway) is that it squeezes atoms together. In the sun, the squeezing is from gravity; in nuclear bombs the squeezing is from normal bombs that go off in a circle around the nuclear bomb. Anyway, it squeezes the atoms together enough that they get smashed into a single atom, like if you push two balls of play-dough together. Now, it takes energy to hold something together: like if you had two dogs on leashes it would be hard to keep them from running away from each other, right? Well, it turns out that for some type of atoms (like hydrogen getting smashed into helium) it takes less energy to keep the new big atom together than it did to hold the two old atoms together. So the extra energy comes out of the smashed atom, and one of the ways it comes out is by light. And the light shines out into space and that's why the sun shines. In nuclear bombs the extra energy comes out as an explosion (and also light). Just like a nuclear bomb is bigger than a campfire, there's a lot more energy made from smashing atoms than if the sun was just a big fire, so the sun will keep shining for a very long time.
And there are different types of pain: somatic, visceral, and neuropathic. Somatic is when you hurt your skin, muscles, or bones. Neuropathic is caused by damage to the nerves. When you have a stomach ache, that's visceral pain. Visceral pain is pain of the internal organs. (I know that's not quite explainlikeimfive, but I thought some people might find that interesting.) As for what is physically hurting, it depends what's causing it. When someone says "my stomach hurts," that could mean a lot of things because there are a lot of organs in the abdomen. That's why the nurse and doctor will ask you a ton of questions. Where does it hurt? When did it start, what did you do right before, what did you eat, did you move in a funny way? They'll ask you to characterize the pain (aching, stabbing, burning, pressure). Along with more questions. And they'll look, listen, and feel around your whole abdomen. Then you might be sent for diagnostic imaging tests, because like I said, there are a lot of organs in there. All of these things are put together to give the healthcare team a picture of what's wrong with you. Anyway, if the pain is caused by constipation or trapped gas, what you're feeling is pain in the intestines. The intestines are swelling with too much stuff inside one section (likely trapped behind a stubborn piece of stool), and working overtime to try to move all that stuff along. So it's like overstretching a balloon, while also overworking a muscle. That's pretty common and might be what you were feeling yesterday. From the sounds of it, the problem has passed. (Not to be alarmist, but a little constipation can turn into a big blockage for some people.)
Unions aren't some broad/nebulous construct, different ones do different things, and have different pros/cons. Construction Unions represent individuals that would otherwise be treated as individual companies/contractors by major construction companies. The union negotiates standard rates/fees for various services (bricklaying, sheet-metal work, etc.) so that individual workers don't engage in a race-to-the-bottom for prices. In big cities unions will also function as a job-placement service, so that elevator repairmen/electricians/etc can spend their time doing their job instead of looking for a job. The major drawback has to do with contract negotiations and cost controls. For example, a corporation may want to build a new building in a city but is forced by the cities rules to hire a certain number of union construction crew. This reduces their flexibility in being able to hire people at a lower cost. Union construction workers also have pretty stern regulations and limitations as to what they can/can't do. Much of what the unions fought for in the latter half of the 20th century, such as workplace safety, has now been made law. However, there are a plethora of rules/regulations that can frustrate contract managers. For example, a pallet of brick-laying material may sit idle for weeks on a construction floor because only a union employee and move it or work with it.
Imagine I have a pen-pal in Russia; his name is Vladimir. Back when we used to send each other letters on paper, it was easy: I'd write in English, and he'd write me back in Russian. When computers came along, things suddenly got much more difficult for Vlad. I could write him letters in English just fine, but when he tried to write me back in Russian, he realized that his computer only had English letters! You see, a lot of important inventions in computers were created in the USA, meaning that they were designed for people who spoke English. One of those inventions was ASCII, the American Standard Code for Information Interchange. ASCII is essentially a list of the 128 characters someone using a computer in English would need, along with the binary codes that represent them. ASCII contains all the upper and lowercase letters, numbers 0-9, and assorted punctuation and spacing. For example, the letter 'A' has a binary code of "01000001". As the Internet became more and more popular, other languages started making their own lists of characters, because not everybody wanted to type everything in English. It got to be quite a mess, and you could never be sure that the binary code your computer thought meant "A" wouldn't mean "Œ" on someone else's computer.
ELI5 Version A long time ago some really mean people drew nasty cartoons about black people. These cartoons showed black people as being stupid and lazy people, who only cared about eating watermelon. Lots of the time these cartoons also made black people look really ugly and gross. These cartoons and pictures also sometimes showed black people stealing chicken. They wanted to show that black people were so lazy that all they could do is steal watermelon and chicken. Adult explanation It's the origins of the image. It's probable that the connection between the two didn't really come into being until after the American Civil War, but by the 1880s it's wide spread and depictions of black people and watermelon eating are almost always done with a caricature of the face (at least overly large lips, if not distorted heads), and generally a too large piece of melon. When you look at images like this and this and this, and this and finally this you can clearly see the racist connection between black people and eating watermelon.
There's something called 'Theory of Mind' that says humans understand that there is a brain in their heads with individual thoughts, other brains out there with different thoughts, and the fact that these brains are not the same consciousness. The fact that you can sit there and think about thinking ("Why can I hear my own thoughts? Why can't I hear someone else's thoughts? Why do other thoughts not happen the way mine do?") is something that has developed in human beings for millions of years, and has only solidified fairly recently in the evolutionary timeline. What's interesting is that young children often show that the development of 'understanding your own thoughts and the thoughts of other people' is not completely after birth. If you show a 3 year old a box labelled crayons, they will say that there are crayons this box. But when you show them the box, it is actually filled with candy. The child can accept this, but if you ask them, "What will your friend say is in this box?" They will answer, "Candies," and be unable to understand the concept that another brain would hold a different perception of something, even though they just made that assumption. Their theory of mind is only partially developed because they can hear their own thoughts, and only their own thoughts. The "how" of your question is hard to answer because there isn't a specific part of your brain that says "YOU WILL HEAR YOUR OWN THOUGHTS" and if you knock it out, it'll stop. The fact that you can hear your own thoughts seems to be a result of a developed self-consciousness, awareness of other brains, and language centres that let you think about thinking, about yourself, and do so with words.
There's a few similar answers here, but a lot of history missing. I'll summarize and let others elaborate. Our story begines some time ago when the internet was still relatively new... In Japan, nerds are ostracised socially. They are called "otaku" and they get a lot of very negative media attention. If someone is outed as an otaku, people may look down on them, even disown them as friends or refuse to hire them. But there are also a very very large amount of nerds in Japan. This, combined with the facts that Japan as a whole is a very tech savvy country, but also very private, gave rise to a very important message board called 2channel. It was important because it pioneered the idea that you should be able to post to a message board anonymously. This way, you could discuss your nerdy hobbies openly with like-minded individuals and not have it link back to your real identity. Your hobbies were private from your real life, and vice versa. 2channel was very popular, but left out some important features. A different website was made that was like 2channel except you could post images instead of just text. It was called 2chan (or "futaba channel"). Meanwhile in America, the internet was rapidly growing. American nerds were creating "underground communities" on the internet that focused heavily on not only discussion of hobbies and interests, but content creation and the rapid spreading of jokes and other anecdotes. One of these (probably the biggest in its time) was called Something Awful, or SA for short. SA was also a pioneer in some of its fields, by forcing users to spend $10 for an account in order to post but also would permanently ban you for the slightest rulebreaking (this helped stop spam and prevent unwanted mediocre posts). SA also really pushed the envelope in controversial topics, by creating dark humor and shock value. However, you were still required to register in order to post, which meant that a paper-trail was always left that could possibly lead back to you. A member of this community named Moot learned of 2chan over in japan and felt the philosophy of anonymous posting could do well in communities like SA. He replicated the 2chan software and called it 4chan.
Think of it as a lemonade stand, a hot dog stand and a candy store all in one. You have all those people selling stuff at different prices and you have all the customers buying. Now everyone is impolite and yells over the other one. So you have signals and colours to identify each person. So you send a signal to lemonade guy you want 2 glasses and another to hot dog guy you want 1 all dressed, the other with ketchup only at a given price. So you have a bunch of people trying to buy and sell shit. All at the same time. It gets confusing, so they are colour coded. They use signals to be "heard" by the other guys. Everything is written down and entered in computers. Yes it is greatly automated, the majority of exchanges are just done via computer. But a good trader can always get a leg up on the competition and buy lemonade for his clients at a cheaper price than others. Or sell those dogs at a higher price. EDIT: I forgot to use candy in my example. Today was a shit day for candy, no one wanted any.
This is an extremely difficult question to explain in simple terms. You could say "Winter" and that would be true. You could say "government crackdown" and that would also be true. You could also say "poor organization", "poor execution", or even "it was never meant to be permanent" and all of those answers would have an element of truth. What distinguished OWS from other protests of the late 20th and early 21st century was the very verb chosen - to occupy. Protests like Seattle were bounded both temporally and spatially, once the event ended, people went home. Occupy was about - as much as it was about anything - making physically present a group of people and demands that are often swept under the rug by global capitalism. Now, there is a whole host of theory about how and why their refusal to have leaders or make universal demands was actually an asset (drawn from Zizek, Badiou, Lefebvre, Harvey, take your pick), and if you're interested I'm sure a host of redditors would point you in that direction. However, as a "five year old," what you should take away is that OWS shifted the national debate - the idea of the 99% (which filters even to Romney's 47% comment), the idea of "too big to fail" (edit: By which I mean a conversation on income inequality and irresponsible lending/banking practices - see below) - these don't happen without Occupy.
It looks like there's still a bit of misinformation here, so I'll try to clear it up. The Big Picture Mining increases the bitcoin network's security and fights fraud by calculating what's effectively a checksum for transactions. By contributing their computing power to the bitcoin network for mining, individuals are rewarded with newly minted bitcoins by the community. This also provides a way to distribute new bitcoins in a fair manner. The Details Hash functions are at the heart of mining. A hash function is basically a complicated math formula that takes in some arbitrary input and gives a reproducible output. However, changing the input even slightly will completely alter the output. For example, using the SHA-256 hash function: SHA-256 of "Test" always outputs a hash of "532eaabd9574880dbf76b9b8cc00832c20a6ec113d682299550d7a6e0f345e25" SHA-256 of "test" (lowercase t) is "9f86d081884c7d659a2feaa0c55ad015a3bf4f1b2b0b822cd15d6c15b0f00a08" Now, let's say Alice decides to pay Bob 10BTC. The bitcoin network basically records that in the public ledger of transactions as "Alice -> 10 -> Bob". However, right now someone could change that 10 to a 20 without consequence. The network has to have some way of checking if the recorded transaction is valid or fraudulent. That's where mining comes in.
3 key reasons: North Korea, while technologically and numerically inferior to South Korea, do have a stranglehold on SK; in the shape of an estimated 10,000 artillery pieces (mobile and not), all pre-dialled onto South Korean population centres and military bases. At a moment's notice, North Korea is capable of unleashing a notable amount of destruction upon South Korea. North Korea is also obviously nuclear - while their missile technology is a bit lacking, it is significantly easier to fire a few hundred km than a few thousand. Additionally, through tunnelling, smuggling or even possibly via a shell, there are alternative methods to using a rocket to get a nuke to it's target. The population of North Korea is indoctrinated, and North Korea is the most tunnelled-under nation on Earth - whilst we don't know the full extent of either of these, we do know that North Koreans are basically taught that the western world (mainly the US) is evil and pig-like, etc. Trying to win a nation's population over, by destroying their military and killing their peers, is a pretty difficult thing to do, let alone to ones whom firmly believe that there aren't better alternatives to their lifestyle. As for the tunnels, think of Vietnam; the North Vietnamese hired North Korea tunnellers and planners to set up some of their networks. With it's mountains as well, North Korea will have difficult terrain to battle across - lots of cover for enemies to hide behind, and lots of tunnels and shortcuts for enemies to flank you with, or to use for explosive-laying.
Something that I think is widely misunderstood about American perceptions of soccer... Soccer is an extremely popular sport for people to play in the US, with 14-20 million kids enrolled in soccer leagues at any given time, depending whose numbers you use (far greater numbers than pop warner football, which is usually counted in the hundreds of thousands). Americans are actually very familiar with soccer, and most athletically-inclined households have a soccer ball and enjoy the sport. Soccer is relatively less-popular as a spectator sport in the US, but there are a few things to consider: The US has at least four other major professional spectator sports, depending how you count "major" (Gridiron football, basketball, baseball, and hockey). Plus things like college sports, boxing, Nascar, X-games type stuff, etc. An american household with a typical cable TV package can probably pick from at least three different sporting events to watch at any given moment, and sometimes as many as 12 or more. So soccer has a lot more competition for eyeballs than it does in countries where it's the primary/sole spectator sport.
I'm surprised no one has answered this. I'm not a card-carrying physiologist, but I do a lot of work on physiology and anatomy and also do a lot of jumping. Here is ELI5: The arch of your foot is kind of like a spring, but it's not a very good spring. It can absorb energy when you're running, but as you start jumping higher, your legs have to help with the landing. When you jump down, your foot absorbs some of the force of the jump. But it can't absorb it all so the excess force goes into your legs. If your legs aren't in the right position or your muscles are tight, they can't absorb as much energy as usual, so instead of the energy going up into your legs, more energy stays in your foot for longer. This makes your foot and sometimes your ankle hurt because there's a lot of energy stored in that small area. Because your legs can't absorb as much energy when they're tense, this energy that stays in the foot longer goes straight to your body, which isn't usually as used to absorbing a lot of force, so it makes you feel "jarred." The reason this doesn't happen when you jump normally is because normal jumping is a common motion, so your body is used to relaxing your legs as you're landing your jump. When you're jumping down though, your body doesn't have as much time during the jump or experience dealing with the jump, so it tends to be more tense, especially in the legs.
ELI5 version: Your muscles are like big bundles of strings, and sometimes they get a little knot in them. Sometimes this happens because you were sitting or sleeping in a funny way, or sometimes it's because you were playing really hard, or maybe for no reason at all, these strings get all tangled up in a little area and it stretches all the other strings and really hurts! You can often get rid of these knots by pushing down on the knot or rubbing it really hard, trying to straighten the strings back out. It can really hurt a lot when you are doing this, but you usually feel better after! Or you can just wait and usually it's gone by the next day. Not ELI5 version: Therapists and other medical folk are more often calling these "trigger points", using terminology that's been around in the massage therapy community for ages. There's no massive consensus about what exactly causes these but essentially it's like the ELI5 answer: the fibers of your muscle all squash up in one location for whatever reason (see the "Potential causes of trigger points" section in that article). The annoying thing about these is the tendency of the pain to refer elsewhere; that is, you'll have a trigger point under your scapula but your neck will be really, really sore. Treat that trigger point, suddenly your neck pain and headache and whatever go away. It's like freaking wizardry.
tl;dr/ELI5 - It's possible that a certain part of your brain might send too many signals to a nerve in your body when it is stressed out too much by the loss of someone or rejection. But it isn't for sure. Source Research has shown that a broken heart hurts in the same way as pangs of intense physical pain. A 2011 study demonstrated that the same regions of the brain that become active in response to painful sensory experiences are activated during intense experiences of social rejection, or social loss generally. "These results give new meaning to the idea that social rejection 'hurts'," said University of Michigan social psychologist Ethan Kross, lead author of the article. The Michigan research implicates the secondary somatosensory cortex and the dorsal posterior insula. Macdonald and Leary had earlier (2005) proposed the evolution of common mechanisms for both physical and emotional pain responses, and noted that multiple languages and cultures use terms like "hurt", "heartbreak", "hurt heart" or "ripped out my heart" to describe responses to social exclusion and argue that such expressions are "more than just a metaphor". The psychologist and writer Dorothy Rowe recounted that she thought of heartbreak as an empty cliché until she experienced it herself as an adult. Heartbreak can sometimes lead people to seek medical help for the physical symptom, and may then be related to a somatoform disorder.
There's a lot I don't understand here, not least how they identify each other in everyday situations. But what about getting a passport, visiting a prison, getting a library card, getting a driver's license (not relevant in Iran Saudia Arabia (thanks to buried_treasure) I know), passing through airport security or getting a bank card? The list goes on. If you're wearing a burqa, a niqāb, or most of all a boshiya then you won't be able to be identified at all. I suppose someone will say that they just take them off but the Qur'an is really clear about who they can reveal their 'modesty' to. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Islam_and_clothing I should clarify. I'm not just interested in how they're IDed in Islamic Countries but also how they're identified on entry to non islamic countries or when going about their business there. Could a women entering the United Kingdom with a face veil be asked to raise it? Another edit: this is the passage that makes me wonder about female inspectors; [Women] should [...] not display their beauty except to their husbands, their fathers, their husband's fathers, their sons, their husbands' sons, their brothers or their brothers' sons, or their sisters' sons, or their women, or the slaves whom their right hands possess, or male servants free of physical needs, or small children... Bold is my own.
Bankruptcy lawyer here. I'll try to keep this on a five year old level... The first thing that happens is something called the "automatic stay" goes into effect. This means that nobody to whom you owe money may try to collect that money. Many of my clients state that the relief this provides from the stress of collection calls is the greatest benefit of bankruptcy. As ANewMachine615 pointed out, there are two common types of personal bankruptcy, although some individuals file under other Chapters in certain circumstances. By the way, they are called "Chapters" because the rules governing are found in Chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code (Laws), Chapter 13, etc. In a Chapter 7, all of your property then becomes part of something called the bankruptcy estate. A person known as the trustee is responsible for seeing that your creditors (people to whom you owe money) receive as much as they are allowed under the law. He does this by auctioning off the property of the bankruptcy estate, which, remember, used to be yours. If you have pledged certain property as security for a debt, such as a car for a car loan, that debt is called secured debt. Usually, a person's secured debt is just cars and houses, but other things sometimes fall in that category as well. All other debt is unsecured. This usually includes things such as credit cards and medical bills.
Cop here. Short answer is, it depends. If it's a serious crime and the drugs and money were evidence, the drugs and money will be retained in evidence for 5-7 years for potential appeals, or longer, depending on the wishes of the prosecution. If the crime isn't so serious (as in 2-3 years or less) and the money wasn't proven to be derived from, or in furtherance to, illicit activity, it will most likely be returned to the owner. (This follows the same asset forfeiture laws as vehicles, houses, boats, clothing, etc. so a separate hearing is usually initiated to test/verify if the money was illicit.) Each jurisdiction has their own set of rules, regulations, and laws, but generally the drugs and money will either be disposed of (by at least two witnesses) or they will be kept. (Drugs can be used for training or future investigative operations. Money goes back to the parent government, NOT the seizing agency.) There is usually some forms that need to be filled out and approved by the chief of the law enforcement organization and the prosecutor's office and/or judge. If the drugs are kept, they are stored in the property/evidence room and only checked out for operations/training - they're weighed when they leave and weighed again when they come back. If there's any missing and it wasn't used in an approved training or operation, it would be your ass. The drugs could be used for K-9 training or controlled burns (how do you think that cops and confidential informants know what marijuana smells like - they, like the dogs, have to have it signed off in their personnel/training records.) We will also use it to do field test training for those that don't get a lot of exposure to it (probation/parole officers, investigative assistants, confidential informants etc.) Operations is what you suspect - reverse buy/busts or buy/walks.
I don't know about Java but I can explain Adobe. Adobe Flash and Adobe Reader are 'catch all' tools designed to read a huge library of file types and any special characteristics of those files. This is especially true for Adobe Reader. The Adobe Acrobat suite can do far more than simply convert Word documents to PDF. As an example, you can embed full 3D environments in a PDF file! Spiffy! The problem is that Reader and Flash require extra programming to support these features even though many people don't use them. This increases the amount of coding required which means the chances of vulnerabilities also increases due to all the additional code needed to ensure these features work. When a vulnerability is found, it's usually related to one of these advanced features that few people use. Since the application doesn't let you pick which components to install, nor does it have a separate installer for each of these advanced features, the entire application has to be re-installed to fix this one problem. There's also a second part to this. The downside to Adobe having their software installed on almost every computer on the planet is that hackers are going to focus on them. This is also true for Java. Their software is everywhere. This makes them a prime target as the number of computers that can be exploited whenever they find a new vulnerability is huge.
Billionaires do not keep their money in one place. They have diversified portfolios, owning stocks, bonds, businesses, real estate, etc. They definitely don't have a savings account sitting around with $1B in it. That's because inflation risk hurts the rich most of all. To keep their wealth from being worth less every year due to inflation, they need to put it to work by investing it, thereby earning more than inflation eats away at it. But in addition to investing in diversified asset classes, the filthy rich also spread their money among multiple brokerages and financial advisors. That's to make sure that if one brokerage goes out of business or one financial advisor tries to steal their money, they won't lose everything. One tool used a lot by the rich for estate planning is trusts. Trusts are legal entities (like a corporation or a non-profit or a real person) where the rich can put money outside of their estate. Wills can be contested in probate after you die, but trusts are much harder to fight in court. In addition to keeping assets out of your estate, you can also use trusts to pay less taxes and to hide your assets. Want to give more money to one of your kids over the other without anyone knowing? You can't do that with a will, but you can with trusts.
There is a whole group of computer Operating Systems which are called 'linux' because they all use the linux kernel, which basically just means they all work in roughly the same way. The main thing that differentiates linux from the other main operating systems (Windows and Mac OS X), is that it is "free software". With other "proprietary" software, nobody except for the company that made it is allowed to modify it, make and share their own versions, or even really see how it works. If there's something you don't like about a piece of proprietary software, the only thing you can do is ask the company that made it to change it, and if they don't want to, you just have to put up with it. If you find a problem with the software, even if you are a programmer and know how to fix it, you aren't allowed to. Free software doesn't have those restrictions, so linux is worked on by thousands of programmers all over the world, many of whom are not paid to do it, they just want to make the software better. Since so many people are making improvements and fixing bugs, linux is a very stable, fast and reliable operating system. Some advantages: You can change, tweak, customise or replace anything about your system if you want to. If you don't know how, chances are someone else has wanted the same thing as you and figured it out, so you can just use their solution.
goku, the main character, is an alien from another planet with superhuman abilities. he also has a single-minded focus on becoming the most powerful thing in the universe in order to protect his adopted home planet from all the baddies that come along to fuck shit up. these baddies mostly want to go after these things called the dragon balls. if you collect the seven dragon balls, a huge dragon appears and grants you a wish, so bad guys will wish for what bad guys wish for, and thats not good (after a wish is made, the dragon balls turn to stone for a year and are unusable). basically goku trains and trains until he is the strongest guy around, until the new strongest guy around shows up, they have a big duel, goku pushes his limits, and ends up predominant. then, even though hes top dog, he trains more (he gets off on martial arts) until some other new bad guy shows up who is his equal, rinse and repeat... gokus friends are also after the dragon balls, mainly to wish goku and others back to life as they get killed in battles with said bad guys one of the best shows ever
Two things. Firstly: men outrank women. A lord outranks a lady, a duke outranks a duchess, and a king outranks a queen. So were Philip termed a king proper, he would outrank his wife (the inheritor of the throne). He could be King Consort, but the husbands of reigning queens are almost always Prince Consorts instead to keep it clear who the true monarch is. That's not a rule, though -- Mary Stuart, heir to the throne and queen regnant (a regnant is a queen who holds the throne, as opposed to just consort to the king), gave her husband (and cousin) the title of King Consort. When a king marries a woman, she becomes the Queen Consort, but you never need to say Consort because it's implied. Secondly: under the current system, the monarch's partner doesn't automatically become anything. Philip Mountbatten wasn't even made Prince until Lizzy had been queen for years. When his wife was first Queen, he was just the Duke of Edinburgh, as he had been before. She just made him a Lord High Admiral last year. I believe, though I'm not certain, that there was even hesitation to make him Prince because he has German ties, and at the time his wife became Queen -- 1952 -- Britain had kind of a wariness of Germans, as you might imagine. Parliament needs to approve the naming of a King consort, and this is why Queen Victoria's husband never made it there, even though she wanted it -- he was German too, and that was a sore spot even then. In the 20th/21st centuries, being King consort rather than Prince consort really doesn't mean anything, so they've never tried for it.
Here I continue my efforts to try and break down the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, A.K.A. PPACA, A.K.A. ACA, A.K.A. "Obamacare". Here is my summation of the bill. Here is Part 1 of the Point-By-Point Here is Part 2 of the Point-By-Point . As I said before, this is a huge undertaking. The current version of the bill is 974 pages long, and I'm going through it bit by bit. But it's going to take a while to do it. I'll keep adding to this until I'm finished, but given that I have a job and a social life, I can't say how long it'll take. Also, I'll try to address questions people have as best I can, but again, it might take me a while to get back to you. Please be patient. So, without further ado, here goes... (Note: I am NOT an expert! I'm just a guy. If I have made an error on any of this, please let me know!) (Note: For the sake of clarity and continuity, any references to page numbers will be referring to the PDF file, not the page number in the document) Page 362, Sec. 3114 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, so that starting on January 1, 2011, nurse-midwife services received through a fee schedule can receive up to as much as if those same services were administered by a doctor. The apparent purpose is to make nurse-midwife services more accessible. Page 363, Sec. 3121 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to renew Medicare coverage for outpatient services in rural hospitals for another year (through January 1, 2011). Page 363, Sec. 3122 - Alters another bill, the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003, to extend from July 1, 2010 to July 1, 2011, payments to rural hospitals for clinical diagnostic laboratory tests covered under Medicare Part B. Page 363, Sec. 3123 - Alters another bill, the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003, to extend for an additional 5 years (ending sometime in 2014) a demonstration project to establish rural community hospitals. In addition, the number of these hospitals is doubled from 15 to 30, and the Secretary of Health and Human Services is to expand the states in which these hospitals can be located. This section also makes a series of minor language changes to the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003 to make the language fit better. Page 364, Sec. 3124 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to extend the Medicare Dependent Hospital (MDH) program for rural hospitals for another year (through October 1, 2012). Page 365, Sec. 3125 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, For the fiscal years 2011 and 2012, the amount paid to low-volume hospitals is increased by up to 25%, based on how many patients they've discharged. In addition, for those years, what qualifies as a "low-volume hospital" is expanded to include hospitals that are over 15 miles away from another qualifying hospital (instead of 25 miles away). Page 365, Sec. 3126 - Alters another bill, the Medicare Improvements for Patients and Providers Act of 2008, to expand a demonstration project revolving around community-level integrated health services on a county-by-county level. This section also removes the restriction on the number of counties that can be included in this demonstration project, and replaces some terminology. Page 366, Sec. 3127 - Directs the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission to conduct a study on how adequate payments to rural hospitals are. This report is to be given to Congress by January 1, 2011. Page 366, Sec. 3128 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to increase payments for emergency hospital services and ambulances from 100% of what is deemed a "reasonable cost" to 101%. Page 366, Sec. 3129 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, so that starting on January 1, 2010, grant money in that bill given to rural hospitals stays available until it is used (rather than expiring). It also adds that this grant money can now be used to make sure these hospitals are up to the standards set in the PPACA. Page 367, Sec. 3131 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, so that starting in 2014, the Secretary of Health and Human Services will start to phase in changes to the amounts paid to caregivers for home health services, based on a number of factors, including the type and cost of services, whether the caregiver is rural or urban, whether the caregiver is for-profit or non-profit, etc. The phase-in is to be across 4 years, to make sure the shift in payments isn't too much of a shock to the market. In addition, this section directs the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission to conduct a study on the effect this has on access to and quality of care. This report is to be given to Congress by January 1, 2015. On top of that, this section makes a number of smaller edits to indicate that the Secretary is to limit the amounts paid to these caregivers in a number of different ways. This section also alters another bill, the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003, to increase the payments made to rural home health services by 3% from April 1, 2010 to January 1, 2016. The Secretary is to conduct a study on home health agency costs for Medicare beneficiaries. The Secretary is to present this report to Congress no later than March 1, 2014. Also, after seeing the results of this study, the Secretary may conduct a demonstration project to test the changes recommended to improve services. If the Secretary decides to go ahead with this demonstration project, it is to last for four years, and start no later than January 1, 2015. The secretary is to set aside $500,000,000 from the the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund to fund both the study and the demonstration project. And if the Secretary does choose to go ahead with this demonstration, he is to evaluate and report on it to Congress. Page 371, Sec. 3132 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to gather data on payments for hospice care starting no later than January 1, 2011. At some point after October 1, 2013, the Secretary is to revise payments for hospice care. This section also says that a hospice care provider can only continue services if every 180 days they have a face-to-face meeting with the patient to determine whether that patient still needs hospice care. Page 373, Sec. 3133 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, so that starting in 2014, the method for determining disproportionate share hospital payments (payments to hospitals who treat indigent patients). will change, to be determined by a number of factors outlined here. It's a bit complicated, but the short version is that it looks like it'll be cutting these payments by about 75%, give or take. This is probably because it is expected that these hospitals will have far fewer uninsured patients to treat. Page 375, Sec. 3134 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, directing the Secretary of Health and Human Services to identify which services are "misvalued" (that are more expensive than they need to be or can be made more efficient through bundling). The Secretary is to make adjustments to the amount we pay hospitals for these services. This section also repeals a part of another bill, the Balanced Budget Act of 1997, that seems to direct the Secretary to just accept the generally accepted costs for these services. It also repeals a part of the Social Security Act that I'm having difficulty finding, but looks like it was something similar. Page 377, Sec. 3135 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act. I had to do some looking around online to get a feel for just what this does, but from what I see here, it looks like starting in 2011, it's increasing from 50% to 75% a rate used in determining expenses related to costly diagnostic imaging equipment. and reduces the payments for the use of this equipment by 25%. This section also directs the Chief Actuary of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services to report on whether this change in payments will reduce costs by $3,000,000,000. That report is to be made available no later than January 1, 2013. That strikes me as an oddly specific number, so I suspect that they expect that this will save that much. Page 378, Sec. 3136 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to change the Medicare payment for powered wheelchairs. Beginning on January 1, 2011, for the first three months of paying for a powered wheelchair, it goes up from 10% of the cost to 15% of the cost, and for subsequent months it goes down from 7.5% of the cost to 6% of the cost. Page 379, Sec. 3137 - This one had me stuck longer than any other section so far. I had to look around for what others said about it to get a better idea. Some thanks go to this Google Books archived book. Anyway, this section alters another bill, the Tax Relief and Health Care Act of 2006, directing the Secretary of Health and Human Resources to report to Congress no later than December 31, 2011 on reforming the hospital wage index, which determines how Medicare will compensate various medical professionals. Anyway, the Secretary's report is to take numerous factors into consideration,and apparently is meant to contain costs. Page 381, Sec. 3138 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to conduct a study on the costs associated with cancer hospitals compared to other hospitals. The secretary will determine an adjustment (presumably to payments) to account for the difference in costs. Page 381, Sec. 3139 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, referring to payments for biosimilar biologics. Biologics are medical treatments made from living organisms (like vaccines), and "biosimilar" refers to products that are effectively the same as existing products. This section says that Medicare will pay 106% of the cost of existing products for these biosimilar ones. It looks like the idea is to give upstart drug companies a chance to break into the market so they can compete with major drug companies that already exist. Page 382, Sec. 3140 - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish a Medicare Hospice Concurrent Care demonstration program, which will last for 3 years. As I understand it, hospice care is care for patients who are dying that doesn't attempt to treat the ailment that the patient is dying from, it only tries to ease their pain. Generally, Medicare recipients have to choose one or the other. The demonstration program this section creates will allow for some patients to choose both. This demonstration program is intended to be cost-neutral, and the Secretary is to report to Congress on how this affected quality of care and cost-effectiveness. Page 383, Sec. 3141 - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services in how to go about calculating the Hospital Wage Index Floor apparently, to ensure that no hospital has a wage index beneath what is legally required, while still making the changes in wage indexes budget neutral. Page 383, Sec. 3142 - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to conduct a study on costs and payments in urban Medicare-dependent hospitals. Within 9 months of the enactment of the PPACA, the secretary will submit this report to Congress. Page 384, Sec. 3143 - Says that nothing in the PPACA will reduce home health benefits guaranteed in the Social Security Act. The next series of sections is all about Medicare Advantage. For those unaware, Medicare Advantage (also known as Medicare+Choice and Medicare Part C) is an optional Medicare program for those who want to get their insurance through a private provider. However, since it was created, Medicare Advantage costs have ballooned to be over 12% more than costs for comparable services under traditional Medicare ( source ). The following sections, in a few different ways, seek to bring Medicare Advantage costs back in line with normal Medicare costs. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office estimates that from 2012 to 2021, this will save $507 billion ( source ). Page 384, Sec. 3201 - Firstly, this section has been repealed and replaced after the PPACA was passed by another bill, the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (HCERA). However, the new text has been entered here. It amends another bill, the Social Security Act. It's got a lot of talk about numbers, but the gist of it seems to be that it's going to be lowering the amount paid for Medicare Advantage until the costs are more in line with the costs of normal Medicare. This section seeks to bring those costs back down to something comparable to normal Medicare costs. Page 389, Sec. 3202 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to specify that starting on January 1, 2011, some specific services under Medicare Advantage cannot cost more than those under Medicare Part A and B. This is essentially just additional details on the cost-saving stuff in section 3201. Also a lot of numbers talk regarding Medicare Advantage rebates. Page 391, Sec. 3203 - Another section repealed and replaced by HCERA. The current section alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to make it so that adjustment of costs for Medicare Advantage services continues on a yearly basis (previously it only continued until 2010). Page 392, Sec. 3204 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, so that starting in 2011, for the first 45 days of the year, people enrolled in Medicare Advantage can choose to change their plan to a standard Medicare plan. Page 392, Sec. 3205 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to extend the Medicare Advantage Special Needs Program through 2014, as well as listing a lot of requirements that these plans would need to meet. Page 395, Sec. 3206 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to renew until January 1, 2013 the ability for Medicare recipients to obtain Reasonable Cost Contracts. Page 395, Sec. 3207 - Making some sort of comment noting that the Secretary of Health and Human Services is to extend service area waivers for Medicare Advantage plans for providers who contracted with the Secretary for those waivers prior to October 1, 2009. Page 395, Sec. 3208 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to make permanent senior housing facilities created under a specific demonstration project as of December 31, 2009. Page 396, Sec. 3209 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to clarify that the Secretary of Health and Human Services has the right to reject bids for plans by a Medicare Advantage organization, and bids for plans by a Prescription Drug Plan sponsor, if those plans propose significant increases to costs or reductions to service. Page 396, Sec. 3210 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to request the National Association of Insurance Commissioners to revise standards for supplemental Medicare benefit plans. The next group of sections deals with Medicare Part D, the Medicare Drug Prescription Program Page 397, Sec. 3301 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act. Firstly, it says that starting January 1, 2011, any drug companies wanting to continue to work with Medicare Part D must participate in the Medicare Coverage Gap Discount Program outlined in this section. Secondly, it outlines the actual Medicare Coverage Gap Discount Program, which also starts January 1, 2011. This section addresses the infamous "Donut Hole" in coverage, which plagued Medicare recipients who purchased enough drugs to surpass the prescription drug coverage limit, but not enough to qualify for catastrophic coverage. It does so by making the drug companies that work with Medicare give discounts to those who fall within that gap. Page 405, Sec. 3302 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, so that the low-income benefit for Medicare part is calculated without taking into consideration discounts and rebates received under Medicare Advantage. This way, those getting discounts like that won't be penalized for it when purchasing drugs. Page 405, Sec. 3303 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act. From what I can tell, starting January 1, 2011, it makes it so the Secretary of Health and Human Services can allow a prescription drug plan to charge low-income beneficiaries the low-income subsidy if the plan's premium is more expensive than the low-income subsidy plus a "de minimis" amount. That amount is apparently $2 ( source ). Page 406, Sec. 3304 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act. This section deals with widows and widowers on low-income assistance. Normally, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services check beneficiaries' financial status on a regular basis to make sure they still qualify for low-income programs, and if someone is making too much money in a given timeframe, they may no longer qualify as "low income". However, generally when someone's wife or husband dies, they inherit their significant others' stuff. This section says that that check on beneficiaries' status can not happen within a year of the death of a spouse, so someone isn't dropped from Medicare or Medicaid just because they lost a loved one. This section goes into effect January 1, 2011. Page 406, Sec. 3305 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, so that no later than January 1, 2011, when the Secretary of Health and Human Resources reassigns someone to a different Medicare drug plan (apparently due to a change in their economic status), they are to be informed of the differences between their old plan and the new one, as well as being informed of their right to request a coverage determination, exception, or reconsideration. Page 407, Sec. 3306 - Alters another bill, the Medicare Improvements for Patients and Providers Act of 2008, by designating an additional $15,000,000 be set aside to fund the State Health Insurance Program from 2010 through 2012, an additional $15,000,000 be set aside to fund Aging and Disability Resource Centers from 2010 through 2012, an additional $5,000,000 be set aside to fund a contract with the National Center for Benefits and Outreach Enrollment from 2010 through 2012. The Secretary of Health and Human Services can request support from the entities funded by this section for wellness and disease prevention outreach programs. Page 408, Sec. 3307 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act. As I understand it, starting in 2011, Medicate Advantage insurance companies must include coverage for specific categories of drugs designated by the Secretary of Health and Human Services. Until the secretary designates which drugs are to be covered, these categories are to include anticonvulsants, antidepressants, antineoplastics, antipsychotics, antiretrovirals, and immunosuppressants for the treatment of transplant rejection. Page 409, Sec. 3308 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act. From what I can tell, starting on January 1, 2011, if you make over $80,000 ($160,000 for couples filing taxes jointly), your Medicare Part D monthly costs will increase in a fashion similar to Medicare Part B. This amount will be taken out of your social security. Page 412, Sec. 3309 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act so that on a date no earlier than January 1, 2012, if you're eligible for both Medicare and Medicaid, and receiving home or community-based services instead of going to a hospital, you can't also qualify for cost-sharing under Medicare Part D. From what I can tell, this is because they can most likely get cost-sharing by other means. Page 412, Sec. 3310 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, so that starting on January 1, 2012, drug plans for patients in long-term care facilities must be more efficiently managed and drugs given to patients must be dispensed in a more efficient manner, using uniform dispensing techniques, to reduce waste. Page 413, Sec. 3311 - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to create and maintain a complaint system, to be made available on Medicare.gov, and the Secretary shall report yearly to Congress on this system. It looks like this is the page for complaints. Page 413, Sec. 3312 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to make a standard and uniform appeals process for those who feel their claim should not have been denied. This is to happen by January 1, 2012. Page 414, Sec. 3313 - Directs the Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services to conduct a study about the type of drugs used by those in Medicare Advantage plans, which the Secretary of Health and Human Resources is to present to Congress no later than July 1 every year starting in 2011. The Inspector General is also to conduct a study on the 200 most frequently-used Medicare Part D drugs and their pricing under both normal Medicare and Medicare Advantage. That report is to be given to Congress no later than October 1, 2011. Page 415, Sec. 3314 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act. This one is hard to parse, but from what I can tell, it makes it so that starting on January 1, 2011, drugs paid by AIDS drug programs and Indian Health Services count towards calculations for determining qualification for Medicare Part D catastrophic care. I imagine that this is because someone with AIDS definitely needs catastrophic care. Not sure what Indian Health Services has to do with anything, though. Page 416, Sec. 3315 - This section was repealed by another bill, HCERA. However, it replaces it with similar text, which is mirrored here. It alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to give a $250 rebate to Medicare recipients who fall into that "donut hole" that I mentioned above in Section 3301. It's only in effect for 2010. Page 417, Sec. 3401 - This section alters another bill, the Social Security Act. It reduces the increases in payments that many various types of medical facilities and services were going to be getting through Medicare, undoubtedly to keep down Medicare's ballooning costs. For some of these services, it reduces those increases gradually, starting at a quarter of a percent less than what those payment increases were going to be, gradually going up to three-quarters of a percent less than what the payment increases were going to be. For some, it reduces increases in payments based on a productivity assessment (which, from what I can tell, is based primarily on what operating costs are). For some, it reduces the increases in payments by a flat amount. And for some, it reduces the increases in payment using some combination of those three methods. It bears note that this is undoubtedly what some alarmists believe is a reduction in Medicare services, but none of these reduce Medicare payments below what they are now, they only slow down the speed at which Medicare costs are rising, and it seems like it's largely trying to keep payments close to the actual costs needed by these facilities and services. Page 426, Sec. 3402 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to say that from January 1, 2011 through December 31, 2019, "income thresholds" (if you earn more than that amount a year, you're considered high-income) for Medicare Part B will be frozen at their 2010 levels, rather than being tied to inflation like they previously had been. Looking around, apparently those thresholds are currently at $85,000 if you're single and $170,000 if you're filing taxes jointly. Freezing the thresholds means they'll stay at those dollar amounts instead of rising with inflation. Page 426, Sec. 3403 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to create the Independent Medicare Advisory Board. This is one of the sections that brought up talk of "death panels!", but the truth is it's pretty benign. The board is to be comprised of 15 experts (who cannot hold any other employment while they are part of the board, so there's no conflict of interest) who are appointed by the President with the advice and consent of the Senate, as well as the Secretary of Health and Human Services, the Administrator of the Center for Medicare & Medicaid Services, and the Administrator of the Health Resources and Services Administration, who will be nonvoting members. The presidential appointees serve 6-year nonconsecutive terms. The board's purpose is to reduce Medicare spending per person by submitting proposals to be enacted by the Secretary unless Congress says otherwise. These proposals must cut costs, must not ration health care, and must not increase costs to Medicare recipients, must not cut Medicare benefits, and must not modify eligibility criteria. In addition, until 2019, these proposals must not reduce payments for hospitals and services (probably because the ACA already does some of that). It can cut payments for administrative expenses. The board is also to try and make its proposals increase Medicare solvency, improve quality of care, improve access to services, and reduce spending in areas with excess growth in costs, while also taking into consideration the needs of care providers. Before these proposals go to the Secretary, they are to be reviewed by the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission. Then the Secretary reviews them, and then they are brought to Congress. Starting in 2014, these proposals are to be brought to both houses of Congress and the President by January 15 each year. The President will review this proposal for two days before bringing his own proposal to Congress. A few different committees in Congress are to review this proposal and report back to Congress on it by April 1. Congress is not allowed to make another bill to repeal or alter congressional consideration, although the Senate may waive Congressional consideration by use of a three-fifths vote that's subject to appeal. This section goes into all sorts of Congressional rules for how the proposal is to be considered before deciding whether to pass it. Anyway, Congress votes on whether to pass it, and the President may choose to veto it if it is passed (like any other bill). If the proposal passes, it is to be implemented by August 15. Additionally, in 2017, Congress can vote on whether to discontinue the board. If the board didn't create a proposal in a given year, it is still to report to Congress on matters relating to Medicare, and every year regardless it is to create a public report as well. They are also to do a yearly advisory report on recommendations for ways to improve health care outside of Medicare. Page 448, Sec. 3501 - Alters another bill, the Public Health Service Act, to add the next section. Page 448, Sec. 933 - Okay, I've had a damn difficult time trying to find the actual text of the Public Health Service Act. Everything I come up with doesn't seem to fit the text that this bill is inserting into it. This section directs the Director of the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality to research, create, and to put into practice quality improvement practices and create training for those practices, and to and to this end it directs the Director to establish The Center for Quality Improvement and Patient Safety of AHRQ. This section sets aside $20,000,000 for 2010 though 2014 to be put towards carrying out this section. Page 452, Sec. 934 - Directs the Director of the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality to give out grants to health providers that need financial help meeting the quality improvement measures mentioned in section 933. Recipients of these grants need to match every $5 of funds they receive with $1 of their own. Page 454, Sec. 3502 - Directs the Secretary of Health and human Services to establish a program to provide grants for community-based "health teams" to support primary care providers. It looks like this is creating a community-based support system of professionals so primary care doctors have specialists to refer patients to. These "health teams" need to have a plan to be self-sustaining within three years. Page 457, Sec. 3503 - Alters another bill, the Public Health Service Act, to add the next section. Page 457, Sec. 935 - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Resources to establish a program no later than May 1, 2010, to provide grants to implement medication management services for the treatment of chronic diseases. Page 459, Sec. 3504 - Alters another bill, the Public Health Service Act, to change the wording of a few parts and add the following section. Page 459, Sec. 1204 - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Resources to award at least 4 multi-year contracts to states that support pilot projects to test innovative new ways to do regional emergency care. States have to match every $3 of funds they receive with $1 of their own. Within 90 days of completing a pilot project, states are to report to the Secretary about it. This section also adds the following section. Page 462, Sec. 498D - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Resources to support research of various government agencies in emergency medical care systems and emergency medicine. Page 463, Sec. 3505 - Alters another bill, the Public Health Service Act, to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish 3 programs to award grants to Indian health facilities. The Secretary may also award grants to certain low-income trauma centers. It goes into detail as to what sort of trauma centers can get the grants and what sort of grants they can get. It also further alters the Public Health Service Act by adding the following section. Page 466, Sec. 1245 - Sets aside $100,000,000 to pay for the previous section in 2009, and "such sums as may be necessary" from 2010 through 2015. It also further alters the Public Health Service Act by adding the following section. Page 467, Sec. 1246 - Clarifies what "uncompensated care costs" means. It also further alters the Public Health Service Act by adding the following section. Page 467, Sec. 1281 - Allows states to award grants to create or strengthen trauma centers. Page 469, Sec. 1282 - Sets aside $600,000,000 to pay for the previous section in 2010 though 2015. Page 469, Sec. 3506 - Alters another bill, the Public Health Service Act, to add the following section. Page 469, Sec. 936 - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to create a program to provide grants for the development of "Patient Decision Aids", materials to help patients and doctors to better know what their options are when there is a choice regarding different forms of treatment. These materials are to be made freely available. Page 472, Sec. 3507 - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to conduct a study to determine whether health care decision-making would be improved by standardizing the way drug information is presented on prescription drugs. This study is to be done by 2011, and if it is determined that it would be improved, within 3 years the Secretary is to create regulation to enact that standardization. Page 472, Sec. 3508 - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to award grants for demonstration projects to medical schools that incorporate quality improvement and patient safety into their curriculum. Schools can submit proposals and, the Secretary decides if it's worth trying, and the school tracks data on the new curriculum's results. For every $5 of grant money a school gets for this, the school must contribute $1 themselves. By 2012, the Secretary is to start submitting a yearly report to Congress on what demonstration projects are underway and how well they're doing. (Once more, I've hit the word count limit - 40,000 for those wondering. Go on to Part 4)
It starts when someone gets a letter from the post office or an email called a cease-and-desist. When you get one of those, it usually means you have been caught doing something bad. That doesn't mean the police want to arrest you or you are going to get thrown in jail with the bad guys, it just means they caught you, kinda like when you get caught with your hand in the cookie jar after you father tells you to stop eating cookies before dinner. Well, if you ignore your father and keep sneaking cookies and he keeps warning you, eventually you'll get a spanking, right? It's just like that. If a person who pirates gets a cease and desist and then keep doing it after multiple warnings, it looks bad in the eyes of the jury because it looks like you don't care about the law even after all those warnings. So the fine was set really high as a way to punish this person to stop ignoring the law and to warn other people who ignore the law that if they get a warning, they should really stop. Now, I know your father and I have talked to you about right or wrong and that doesn't mean the law is always right or wrong... but if you repeatedly ignore warnings from the law without talking to the right people, you'll probably get in a lot of trouble.
The government has lots of money and building things creates lots of jobs as well as drives many other sectors. The houses ARE sold, I know they are empty but it's becauset eh people buying them are investing in one of the only real "safe" (debatable) investment opportunity they have, real estate. So they buy these houses with the hope that the price will go up as the area gets more developed. The government is selling everyone on this idea by saying that there are still hundreds of millions of people in the country without houses who want to move to the city and it's true except no one is mentioning that most of them don't have the money to buy these houses and instead it's mostly the middle class who is buying second and third houses for investment or to rent out. This all seems like a VERY terrible idea until you realize a couple things, first off these houses are being bought with cash a lot of the time. Chinese have been saving very well for a long time and they are now spending, so if the markets crash the government is hoping it wont take down too much, it will just lower the amount of savings people have, not good of course but nothing like what happened to the USA. Secondly, The country needs this building to continue so that the construction market doesn't crash as huge numbers of the impoverished have jobs in this sector and if it crashes these people all lose their jobs and there goes the countries stability ast hey'll have tens if not hundreds of millions of people out of work over night.
A number of people have asked questions on ELI5 related to how stocks and stock market work. Here goes: ** Part One : Stocks ** First, let's imagine that down the street there is a toy store. Mr. Jones owns the toy store, and he has owned it for the last ten years. The toy store is a company which sells toys and all the kids love to get toys from Mr. Jones' toy store. Let's suppose we wanted to buy Mr. Jones' toy store from him so that all of the kids would buy toys from us instead. Would we be able to buy it for a dollar? No, of course not. It is worth a lot more than that. How about ten dollars? A hundred dollars? Well, how exactly would we find out how much we need to pay in order to buy Mr. Jones' toy store? The most important thing to consider is simply how much money is the toy store making. If the toy store is making $100 every day, that means it is making roughly $3,000 (30 days of $100) every month, or $36,000 every year (12 months of $3,000). Let's suppose we are able to figure that the toy store should be able to keep making this much for the next ten years. Then we could consider that the entire toy store is worth $360,000 (which is $36,000 for ten years). Now, in practice this is a lot more complicated. But the basic principle is simply to figure out how much money a company can be expected to make in a certain time frame. Fortunately, we don't have to figure it out ourselves. There are big companies whose job is to figure out how much other companies are worth, and they do all of the hard work for us. They will tell us just how much Mr. Jones' toy store is really worth, and then we can decide to buy it or not. So, let's consider that the toy store is worth $360,000. If we want to buy it (and if he is willing to sell it), we can pay Mr. Jones that much money and now the toy store is ours! Now, this is all well and good if we have $360,000 and we want to own the entire company. But let's suppose we only have half that much, we have $180,000. What can we do now? Well, as long as Mr. Jones is willing, we can buy half of his company instead of the whole thing. This means that we will own 50% or half of the company, and he will own the other half. That means that instead of all of the money from selling toys going to Mr. Jones, half will go to him and the other half to us. Another way of saying that we own 50% of the company is to say that we own 50% of the stock in a company. When a company is set up in a way that you can buy pieces of it, those pieces are called stock. There are two ways to think about stock: percentages, and shares. What we just talked about are percentages. We can buy 50% of the shares in Mr. Jones' toy company for $180,000. Similarly, we could buy 10% of the shares in Mr. Jones' toy company for $36,000 (assuming the total value of the company was $360,000), or we could buy 1% of the shares for $3,600, and so on. When you hear people talk about stocks, you will hear them talk about shares of stock. What exactly does this mean? Well, let's imagine that Mr. Jones has a lot of people who want to buy a piece of his company. What he can do is say "Hey everyone, I have 100 different pieces of my company for sale." In this example, there are 100 total pieces he has for sale, each one being worth 1% of the stock. To buy all 100 pieces would cost you $360,000 and this would mean you own the entire company. This would mean that whenever the company makes money, you get all of the money. But let's suppose we only have $3,600 to use. This means all we can afford is one piece of his company, but that one piece is worth 1% which means that every time the company makes a hundred dollars, we will get one dollar. So in this example, Mr. Jones' looks at the situation and realizes it is very hard to find people to buy pieces of his company, because each piece costs $3,600 which is a lot of money. So he decides rather than just have 100 pieces, or shares, he is going to have a thousand pieces! Now it takes ten shares to have 1% of the company, but each share is only $360. That is a lot more affordable. He could even decide to make 10,000 shares which means that you could buy a share for only $36. So this is the basic concept. Companies cut their value into pieces, or shares, and then sell the shares to people who will buy them. The people who buy shares are called "investors" and the act of buying a share is called "investing". This means that they are buying shares in a company because they think that eventually they will make back more than what they paid, because they are getting a piece of all of the money that the company makes. When a company is enormous, worth billions of dollars, even a thousand shares is simply not enough. They need to have many, many shares in order to make sure that shares are affordable. Some companies have millions of shares of stock. Now, we have covered one aspect of what it means to own stock in a company. You are able to keep some of the money the company makes, based on how many shares you own. But when you own part of a company, you don't just get some of the money it makes. You also get to make decisions. Everyone who has shares in a company has the right to vote for what the company will do next. The amount of voting power you have is equal to the percentage of shares you have. Imagine that a company is owned by three people: Billy, Melissa, and James. Imagine that Billy owns 40% of the total shares, and that Melissa and James each own 30%, which is less than what Billy owns. Let's suppose that the toy company is trying to decide whether to sell a certain toy. Billy thinks it is a good idea, but Melissa and James think it is a bad idea. Well, even though Billy has more shares of stock in the company, and more voting power, he will still be out voted by both Melissa and James. This is because together Melissa and James have 60% compared to Billy's 40%. When a company has a lot of share holders (people who own stock in the company), they will have meetings called shareholder meetings. In these meetings, everyone gets to vote based on the shares they own. The company will do whatever the prevailing vote decides. So then, this brings up a question. What if there are a lot of people who own shares, but one of them owns more than half of all the shares? Would that person be able to out-vote everyone else, no matter how many other people there are? The answer is yes. If a single person owns more than half of all the shares, then they have what is called "controlling interest" in the company. This means that they can decide anything for the company and outvote everyone else. ** Part Two : The Stock Market ** So by now you should have a pretty good idea of what stock is. Now let's imagine that there is also a video game company owned by Mr. Smith. Now, Mr. Smith's company is doing a lot better than Mr. Jones'. We had said that Mr. Jones' company is worth $360,000 based on how much it is expected to make over ten years, but Mr. Smith's is worth twice that! His video game company is worth $720,000. Let's imagine that Mr. Jones' company has 100 total shares of stock, each valued at $3,600 per share. Let's also imagine that Mr. Smith's company also has 100 total shares of stock, each valued at $7,200 per share. This means that if we had $7,200 we could choose to either buy two shares in Mr. Jones' toy company, or one share in Mr. Smith's video game company. Let's suppose that we already own two shares of stock in Mr. Jones' toy company. Our two shares are worth $7,200 which is enough to buy one share of stock in Mr. Smith's company. We looked at both companies, and we decided that Mr. Smith's company seems like it is doing the best, so we decide to sell our two shares in Mr. Jones' toy company, and buy one share of stock in Mr. Smith's company. And this is the basics of stock trading. Now here is where things get interesting. How much a company is really worth changes constantly. Mr. Jones' company has been making $100 every day for ten years, but all of last year his company was only making $50 per day! Is it still worth $360,000 ? Maybe it is losing value, or maybe it is just going through a rough period. If we owned stock in the company, we would have to decide which it is. If we decide the company is losing value, then we will probably want to sell our stocks and buy stocks in a company that is doing better. There are a lot of reasons to assume that a company is doing better, or worse. We might have heard a rumor that Mr. Jones' toy company, even though it has only been making $50/day is about to start selling a really, really cool toy. We say "Wow, if he sells that toy lots of kids will buy it!" and so we decide to buy a lot of stock because we think that the stock is actually worth more than Mr. Jones says. Similarly, we might have heard a rumor that an even better toy company is going to be opening up a store right next door to Mr. Jones' toy store. In this case, we might say "Oh no, we have a lot of shares of stock in Mr. Jones' toy company, and we better sell it fast! If we don't, we will lose money because the kids will all shop at the new toy store instead." You can see that emotion plays a big role in this. Now let's imagine that instead of two companies (Mr. Jones' Toy Company, and Mr. Smith's Video Game Company), there are hundreds of companies. Let's also imagine there are thousands of people all trading stock in each company at the same time. Now you have what is called a stock exchange. If you take the value of all of the companies and add them together, and then divide that by the total number of companies in your stock exchange, you get an average that you can track over time to see how well on average all of the companies are doing. Let's suppose that all of the companies combined are worth a million dollars, and that there are only ten total companies in the stock exchange. Then we would say that the average value is a million divided by ten which is $100,000. Remember though that how much companies are worth changes over time, so the very next day it might turn out that all ten companies combined are now worth two million dollars, which means our average is now $200,000. If we keep track of this average over time, we can create a graph. We can watch this graph to get a good feel for how the companies in the stock exchange are doing. This can also help us decide whether or not investing in more companies is a good idea, or a bad idea. There you have it, the basics of stocks and the stock market. I hope you enjoyed it.
Your question boils down to "why is the jelly leaking out on the outside edge of my doughnut, and not inside the doughnut hole?" Most animals are basically a doughnut -- the digestive tract is just the doughnut hole. The "inside" of the digestive tract is actually part of the outside -- a tunnel through your body, with a mouth at the top and an anus at the bottom. Feces are the remnants of food and built-up digestive tract bacteria, and they pass straight through the inner tube -- they never really "enter" the body. By contrast, urine is filtered out of the bloodstream, to regulate the balance of salts and toxins inside the body. It has to pass out of the doughnut cake itself -- like jelly filling. We could eject urine through the anus end of the digestive tract -- birds do. It's called a cloaca -- the urinary tract ends inside the digestive tract, leading to a single opening that ejects feces and urine, and acts as the reproductive tract. It probably saves weight, which evolution would select for in flighted birds. But it means the reproductive tract is contaminated with feces, which as I said are full of bacteria. Birds can only mate in season, because their reproductive system has to shut down and be closed off to keep out feces. By contrast, urine is actually sterile in healthy mammals, so running urine through the reproductive tract acts as a crude evolutionary cleaning system.
Imagine the frequency (2.4Ghz) is how many times in a second a CPU can do something. Now imagine a person working in a warehouse. Let's say that person has 8 hours to move things around this warehouse, and the warehouse is a mess. He can't move his forklift around very efficiently, because the aisles are too messy, or perhaps the distance from one spot to another isn't the shortest path. It's similar to how a CPU needs a varying amount of clock cycles to complete a task. Multiplying two numbers may take 3 clock cycles, and doing exponents may take 10. It has to move bits around, much like the warehouse worker is moving pallets around the warehouse. So a computer can also get only so much done in 8 hours as well. Now imagine the warehouse worker calls the building designer and says, "Hey! Can you help me out down here? Make the aisles larger for my forklift, so I can turn easier! Make my shelves higher so I can stack more stuff on top..." And so on. You can now expect this worker to get more accomplished in his 8 hour day. The same is similar for CPUs. The designers find ways to get more accomplished with less clock cycles. Maybe by shortening the paths the electricity takes, or changing the way banks of transistors are arranged to make things more efficient.
Let's say you bake bread and I have a dairy cow. Every day you and I trade some amount of your bread for some amount of my milk. This is great, until one day you decide you're going to take a break from milk for a couple of days...your orange tree just fruited and you're going to drink orange juice for awhile. I still want bread, though. So I tell you, "Hey, listen, we've been doing business for a long time. If you give me bread like always anyway, then you can let me know anytime and I'll give you some extra milk whenever you want it. You can give it as a gift or whatever." You think that sounds good, so you keep giving me bread, and later when you have your parents visit from out of town, you'll get some extra milk for them. Now, I'm in your debt as soon as you give me the bread, until I give you the milk. I maybe traded the milk you would have normally consumed for something else, plus I have your bread. You're ok with this because you trust that when it comes time for me to make good on giving you extra, I will. Assuming we're both trustworthy, what has really happened here is nothing more than time-shifting the distribution of goods. Instead of an even trade every day, I get a little more than usual now, and you get a little more than usual later. Everything evens out. Every time we do this kind of a deal, we could track how much bread or milk is owed to the other person by using shells. These shells, in this context, are a form of money.
It's not really a population boom per se but a gradual increase. Population booms are mostly a thing of the past (outside sub-Saharan Africa). Two factors are immigrants and birth rates. The US takes on a lot of immigrants, more than any country on earth, both legal and illegal. They take on a million legal immigrants and an unknown amount of illegal immigrants a year. Canada, it should be noted takes the highest percentage of immigrants. The US has citizenship by birth, so immigrants that come here and have children automatically gain citizenship for them and tend to stay. Generally the rule of thumb is, immigrants come from poorer countries and the birthrate is higher so the women tend to have more children than regular American women. This only lasts one generation as immigrants assimilate very quickly in America, but this is the reason for the increasing population. China is not experiencing a population boom, in fact, China's population is leveling off. You can call it good or bad, but China's birth policies are working. China's birthrate is very low now and by the next decade, India will pass China as the most populated country on earth. A sad side effect is that many little girls that were to be born were aborted, abandoned, given away or killed after birth because of the cultural preference for a "male heir" for a family. This has really messed up the gender ratio in China and there are an estimated 50 million Chinese men who will NEVER marry. That's more men than in all of Germany who will be single for life unless they manage to find brides overseas. At current birth rates, China's population will start to shrink and some estimates have China with 300 million fewer citizens at the end of the century.
At first you have to understand, that anytime things are bad economically (like in todays financial crisis), political extremes gather momentum. You can trace this phenomenon back to roman times*. This applies to both ends of the political spectrum, the far right and the far left. The parties which represent those views offer simple solutions to complex problems, like "Throw foreigners out of the country!!" or "We need communism right NOW, fuck the debts to other countries". It's a fundamental part of democracy, that the opposition has the privilege of being loud and throwing accusations around - you are not in charge after all, and you have to convince people that you can do better than the people in charge right now. This is because it's easy to use radical rhetoric, which targets the simple and low educated parts of the population. Those people like simple solutions AND often don't understand the underlying problem. That doesn't mean that those people will get elected and it certainly doesn't mean that they are right/will do a better or good job. *Actually, the society of ancient rome had the same problems as we. Often, even the same political slogans where used.
Listen closely, Timmy, today I'm going to tell you a sad story. A very sad story, indeed. Long ago, everyone was a farmer. Sometimes, people got together and decided that they didn't want to have to farm anymore– so they got other people to do it for them. They did this in different ways in different places, but the pattern was the same everywhere. It always involved the rise of a group of people who controlled both the religion and written knowledge of a much bigger group of people. The Sumerian priests of Ancient Mesopotamia, the Catholic Church in Medieval Europe and, of course, the Brahmins of ancient India are all good examples of this. The big difference between the Brahmins and the others mentioned is just in the complexity of the system. You see, Timmy, any system with one group on top is going to have a problem: everybody else is going to want some of that knowledge and power! So, the Brahmins did something really clever, in a really mean way: they divided everybody else into even smaller groups, called varnas. The warriors became Kshatriyas, the merchants Vaishyas, and the poor laborers became the Shudras. Over a long time and lots of space, these varnas split into even smaller groups, called jatis. Eventually there were thousands of different jatis, scattered across all of India. However, the Big Four varnas were still the major templates for the all of these jatis, and almost everywhere the concept behind them was the same: Sure, your caste might not be the "best" or most powerful... But at least you weren't a filthy Shudra, so why change the system?
Because we made them that way! Bananas that grow naturally, in the wild, actually look like this. They're pretty tough to eat, too, much harder and more fibrous -- stringy -- than the bananas in the supermarket. People used to cook them, to soften them up -- eating a raw banana was once like eating a raw potato! When farmers started building banana plantations and growing their own, they deliberately went around and picked wild bananas that were softer, sweeter, and longer than average, and only used those to start their farms. When the plants grew up, the bananas were just a little bit nicer than natural bananas. So they did it again: they threw out any plants they had that produced tough or ugly fruit, and instead, planted seeds from their best, longest, sweetest plants. When their new batch of plants had grown up, they were even better! Then they did it again. They threw out the worst plants, and planted seeds from the best plants to replace them. Every year they did this, until eventually, the only bananas they were making were very soft, tasty, sweet bananas with small seeds and a really long and thin convenient shape. A similar thing happened with carrots. Carrots are normally purple, but Dutch people started liking lighter-coloured carrots about 400 years ago, and they eventually got all the way to orange varieties, which are now the most common.
That's a pretty broad question. I think it's really 3 questions in one, so I'll try to tackle each one individually. What's the difference between 2G, 3G, and 4G? Imagine there is a deliver service. At the beginning they have a very basic setup of just a few horses that run on small local roads. It can only deliver a small amount of packages a day because of constraints on the delivery center, the amount you can put on your horses, and the 1 lane roads you're stuck using. That's basically 2G or EDGE service. A few years later after government regulators agree that they're doing a good job and will help widen the roads and everyone thinks it's a good time to update the entire delivery centers and buy some trucks. Now everyone have a much larger facility for moving packages/data from point A to point B. There are also new larger trucks that can fit more per load, and the roads are now bigger for everyone to drive more load through. Great! You've got 3G! 3G operates pretty fast but soon everyone and their mom want to send packages so the government says ok, we'll reserve some highway space, some 16-wheeler trucks, and automated systems in delivery centers to get packages moved as quickly as possible. Now you're at 4G speed, you can now move A LOT of data at once.
For pregnancy to occur, first an egg must be fertilized by a sperm. The egg has to be mature in order for this to happen. Ovulation refers to the time when the egg is mature and fertilization is possible. After fertilization, in order for pregnancy to occur, the resulting zygote must implant, or get stuck to the uterus. If the zygote doesn't get stuck to the uterus, the zygote is washed out from the system. (If the zygote gets stuck in the wrong place, that's an ectopic pregnancy, but that's another matter.) What Plan B does is prevent ovulation. It has not been shown to prevent implantation. There is not sufficient evidence to tell if Plan B impacts sperm to prevent fertilization. How does Plan B prevent ovulation? Plan B is a synthetic form of the hormone progesterone. As ovulation occurs, progesterone in the blood rises dramatically. Taking progesterone "tricks" the body into thinking that ovulation has already occurred, and the actual process of egg maturation stops. Source: http://www.contraceptionjournal.org/article/S0010-7824(10)00321-5/abstract It's important to know that Plan B is the common name for levonorgestrel. It is not the same thing as RU-486, another form of emergency contraception. Plan B is used to prevent pregnancy when taken up to 5 days after intercourse by preventing ovulation. RU-486 is an abortifacient that can terminate pregnancies within the first 49 days.
The way fire behaves is based on two main things on Earth: gravity, and the atmosphere (air). This is evident if you see a flame in zero gravity. It's really cool, it doesn't move at all. So, back to the topic at hand: the fire wiggling is because of two things: Gravity pulls the heavy (usually liquid, as is the wax in a burning candle) fuel towards the ground. However as it burns, it undergoes a reaction and becomes mostly gas, and emits light that we see as flame. Since the gas is lighter than the liquid, and the surrounding air since it's very hot, it rises up, giving flames the tall pointed appearance they have. The air is constantly moving around, even in tiny areas, and this moves the flame around as it rises. This causes the constantly moving, random, "dance of flame". This is all moot for jet flames though, since they're pressurized in a particular direction, and unless the wind is STRONG they don't "dance". This post is more LI5 (since the OP mentioned it's her actual 5-year-old) than usual so I skip a lot of science about it, but that's basically why flames "dance" or wiggle. DrakenKor is correct about the heterogeneity of the fuel source being a big factor for say wood fires vs. candle flames, but I stuck specifically with candles (which do "dance" in most cases) for simplicity for an actual 5-year-old.
Spoilers abound! LOST is a show about a group of people who crash on an island, a remarkable and special island. See, the island is a mystical and magical place that is searched for and intentionally hidden by many different groups of people throughout time. But why is the island so special? The details are alluded to but never directly announced, all we know is the island acts as a cork that seals in an unforeseen force. Jacob is the protector of the island along with his brother who is referred to as "The Man In Black," however, his brother wants off the island, while Jacob chooses to stay and protect the island. Again, never explained but announced is the idea that The Man in Black cannot directly kill Jacob, so he must have someone else do his dirty work for him. For over 2000 years Jacob and The Man in Black play a game where MIB brings people to the island to fuck with Jacob and attempt to kill him. Jacob always outsmarts MIB and thus continues their eternal struggle. So MIB lays out a long term plan in which he will bring multiple people to the island over thousands of years acting as a multilayered plan to kill Jacob. However, Jacob always has loyalist to his cause known as The Others, who are lead by different men throughout history, Lets move to the 1970's! Using modern science, a group of researchers locate the island and set up a settlement there. Doing science shit they sort of fuck up and drill into an electric magnet hotspot, releasing a massive amount of radiation that has to be contained and maintained every 108 minutes. A few years later, some asshole kid with daddy issues decides to join up with the others and kill all of these scientists using chemical weapons.
There could be a very good algorithm applied, to recognize time delays and "subtract" the audio coming from the speakerphone so perfectly that the microphone only picks up what's in the room. But it's not done this way. The sound delay between the speaker and microphone is easy to compute, but the echos off the walls (of varying distances) is so much more complicated that the phone doesn't have the computing power to do it. So, the solution that is used today is a simple one: as the volume coming out of the speaker gets louder, the microphone volume gets turned down. After a short delay (about 0.1 seconds, to let echos settle down), the microphone is unmuted. This is why speakerphones never work quite as nicely as handsets - if someone on the other end is talking, the microphone is essentially muted and they won't be able to hear you until they're done talking. The quality of the device depends on how adaptive the speaker-to-microphone muting algorithm is. Too much muting hurts the flow of conversation, not enough muting can cause bad feedback. Some devices are programmed to detect faint hints of feedback and auto-calibrate before the feedback becomes audible. (I am an electronics/firmware/software senior research engineer for medical sensors)
As a professor of music I get this question at least once a term. Either they were the first to do something (Beethoven) or they did something so well they became the point of departure (Bach). I'll try to keep theory out of this. Beethoven is seen as the pivotal figure for the change from classical to romantic music. His career follows this line as his early imitated the late classical style but soon morphed into what would be the example of the new romantic music. By the time Bach started writing, his primary style was falling out of fashion. However Bach wrote so well and so much that he became the defining figure for his style- but not until later. In his lifetime Bach was seen as a good musician but more known for his performance and leadership activities. It wasn't until hundred years after his death did people really start to recognize the quality of his music. Mozart is kind of a strange exception. He was not considered the best of his day. He was kind of late to the classical party being preceded by Bach's own children (CPE and JC) and Haydn as well. He also did not live long enough to really push the envelope. His music is of high quality, no doubt, but it was far from the most popular of its time. Yet his music endures due to its accessibility (ease of listening) and partially because of who he was in life.
It's very similar to why some cars cost $8k, and some cost $800k. Not only is there a massive difference in materials used, quality of construction, and design, but some of the price is coming from having a brand name. However, you really do get what you pay for (to an extent). A $50 huffy cruiser will often fall apart after a few dozen miles of riding. During that riding, the bike will feel heavy, unresponsive, and slow. These bikes are created in a factory by a combination of machines, and many different (often careless) workers. Many of the parts are plastic, poorly welded together, or possibly not even put together properly. If you were to spend $600 on a middle of the line road bike from a sporting goods store, you would get a much higher quality product, but one that is still far from the best. This bike would probably be designed more efficiently in terms of geometry, welds will be very high quality machine welds, and parts will be of much higher quality. $600 will get you a pretty decent aluminum or steel bike. If you bump that price up to $2500, new materials start becoming available to you -- namely carbon fiber and titanium. These are extremely light and strong (though most materials are good for different things, really). A bike in this price range will have extreme detail paid to the geometry to give you the most aerodynamic and efficient ride possible.
First, a point of clarification. The rest of the world has not abandoned it. Norway still actively participates in whaling and so do many inuit tribes in Canada and other northern hemisphere countries. But why does Japan do it: Culture - Some Japanese believe that killing one animal (e.g. a Whale) is more humane than killing thousands of animals (e.g. a school of fish or a ton of shrimp). This somewhat relates to Shintoism and the concept of everything having a "spirit," but again it's more cultural than religious. "Research" - This is a controversial issue, but let me see if I can take an unbiased approach to it. The International Whaling Commission has an exemption for whaling that relates to medical research. So a Japanese organization known as the Institute of Cetacean Research conducts whaling operations under this IWC exemption. However, there is also a law in Japan that states that when a whale is killed no part of the body may be discarded as waste. So the ICR packages the whales (after they have done their research) for consumption/sale back in japan. This is where organizations like Sea Shepherd and Greenpeace argue that Japan is using the clause in the IWC charter to engage in commercial whaling, which should technically be illegal.
Rather than just link to a wikipedia article (cough cough) I'll give this one a shot. Well, little Timmy, just like you have muscles in your arms and legs to move you around, you have two muscles inside your ear! But these two muscles don't move anything you can see. The muscles in your ear can actually block sounds and make them seem quieter to you. For example, when you hear a really loud sound, they will tense up to help make the sound seem quieter. This helps protect the insides of your ears when your sister sneaks up on you and screams as loud as she can. Those muscles stretch tight, and that's why you have trouble hearing out of that ear for a few seconds after. The muscle that makes your ears rumble is called the tensor tympani muscle. Mostly, it makes your chewing sound quieter to you (like when your mom and I tell you to stop crunching your cereal so loud, and you have no idea what we're talking about). Now, why does it make that sound when you flex it? Because all muscles vibrate when you flex them. Make a fist as tight as you can. See your hand shaking? The muscle in your ear does the same thing. And because it's inside your ear, you can hear it vibrate.
A slightly different answer: Species evolve qualities that are beneficial for survival, and passing on their genes. That's the only reason a particular trait gets selected and passed on in a species. Humans developed large front brains (which make us intelligent), because intelligence confers advantages for surviving and passing on our genes. So, humans developed big, smart brains for the same reason that we developed arms, that rhinos developed thick skin, that alligators developed an incredibly slow metabolism, and that owls developed acute vision. All of these traits are very helpful for helping the creature survive and mate. So, our asking "Why aren't other species as intelligent as us?" is very much like an alligator asking "Why don't other creatures have as slow metabolisms as we do?" or an owl asking "Why can't other creatures see or fly as well as we do?". The answer is that those traits aren't the ones that were helpful for those creatures to survive. Each creature developed the traits it did in order to overcome environmental challenges to survival, and it happens that intelligence was a huge help for primates in trying to survive, but not so much for alligators. Alligators don't need to be able to make tools or to fly to weather their environmental challenges. What would be more helpful is if they could slow their metabolism to the point that they only need to eat about once a year - and this is the trait they developed. The same goes for us. Intelligence is one of many evolutionary tools developed for survival, but by no means the most efficient one. Bacteria - stupid as they are - are better at surviving than we are.
My 8 year old son is always asking really thought provoking questions. Sometimes I can answer them, sometimes I can't. Most of the time, even if I can answer them, I have no idea how to answer them in a way he can understand. I've started writing down questions I have no idea how to answer. Any help would be greatly appreciated! How come a knife can cut my skin but my finger can't cut my skin? How do I know if the color I'm seeing is the same color you're seeing? What happens to the atoms in water when it goes from ice to water to steam? Where does sound go after you've said something? How come we can't see in the dark? If the Earth is spinning so fast, how come we don't feel it? If our cells are always being replaced, then what happnes to the old ones? What would happen if everyone in the world jumped at the same time? How come people living in different parts of the world aren't upside down? edit Wow! Did not expect so many great answers! You guys are awesome. I understood all the answers given, however I will say that IConrad and GueroCabron gave the easiest explanations and examples for my son to understand. Thanks guys! I'm really glad I asked these questions here, my son is satisfied with the answers and now has even more questions about the world around him :) I have also been reading him other great questions and answers from this subreddit. I hope I can continue to make him ask questions and stay curious about everything, and this subreddit sure helps!
1. How come a knife can cut my skin but my finger can't cut my skin? A: It can, actually. People do that all the time with their fingernails -- but have your son do this. Push a piece of playdough with his fist and then with the same strength push it with just one finger. This will demonstrate the concept of pressure. Since the edge of a knife is REAAALLY narrow, all that strength goes to just that one spot. Your finger is much wider, so that same strength gets all spread out and has less effect. 2. How do I know if the color I'm seeing is the same color you're seeing? Well, scientists have recently been recording the patterns of firings that occur in the brains of animals to play them back; we have machines that can record what your eyeball sends to your brain (in special cases anyhow) and play them back. So we can literally observe this. Then there's spectrometers. Since we all have basically the same equipment it makes sense it would have the same results. But then you start getting into qualitative experience and we don't know how to measure that. Yet. Regardless, if IConrad!blue isn't the same as explainthestuff!blue -- it's still blue.
They seem to have maximized the combination of most airplay with the least amount of popularity. Whenever someone is faced with a choice of which music to play to a broad audience--be it radio or TV or sports arena or whatever--Nickelback seems like a good choice because they have the right mix of elements. They're rock but not so heavy as to disturb people, but still edgy enough not to seem like a corporate contrivance. They're modern enough not to seem like a nostalgia thing while being old enough not to seem like the latest teenybopper group. The result is that people tend to hear a lot of Nickelback despite very few people being really passionate about them. So, we think, "why the fuck do I keep hearing this stuff? These guys suck." I may actually dislike certain modern country or southern rap or death metal much more than I dislike Nickelback, but it's easy to see that those other genres have dedicated fans and a real culture behind it. Nickelback is easy to hate because I don't associate them with real people. EDIT: A lot of people object on the basis that Nickelback sells a lot of albums and fills up live venues. It tried to address that here. TL;DR: a lot of people buy Nickelback stuff, but those people don't tend to have much influence on people who talk a lot about music (critics, hipsters, genre-specific fans, etc).
Imagine you have a sweet Legacy of the Wizard thermos. You use it everyday for school and it's your favorite container. One day, you put Cherry EXPLOSION Koolaid in it, drink it up and have red teeth all day long! The next day, you put in Dr. Pepper. You don't like Dr. Pepper as much as daddy does (at least, he calls it Dr. Pepper), but it's one of your favorites, huh? What's cool is that the little bits of Cherry that were still in there made it taste like CHERRY EXPLOSION DR. PEPPER. WOW! Each day, you try a different drink (or even the same ones from time to time). After a while, what happens to your thermos? It gets all gross and gooey, huh? All slimy and smelly. Even though it smells kind of sweet, it all still is just too covered in gunk to be usable. So, what do you do? You wash it, of course! After you get your mom to put it through the dishwasher, it's fresh and ready for you to use again... as long as you keep it clean, slugger. thermos = computer fluids = programs / various other data
The brain's perception of the passage of time is still a bit of a mystery to neuroscientists. All though it is generally agreed upon by most, that the amount of neural activity in the brain during different situations has a large affect on how fast time is going by. Essentially during times of heightened levels of neural activity, the brain is capable of accepting and processing more stimuli, making time slow down. During low activity, and we are taking in less information, time speeds up. Simply because there is not enough stimuli coming in to make you notice how much time has gone by. To answer your question about time speeding up when we are happy, it's all about the tiny chemicals that influence neurons to fire, called neurotransmitters. When we are happy many of NTs are involved. Such as dopamine, serotonin, or even oxytocin sometimes, along with others. This can lead to an euphoric type state, leaving us feeling somewhat dopey and less observant of a lot of stimuli around us. Hence time seems to speed up.
Last Edit: WE'RE DOING THIS (ELI5 Project)! There are concepts on here that I'm sure many redditor parents have a difficult time explaining to their kids. It would be cool if we could all get together and design some children books similar to how we do the Redditor Magazine. It could be a .pdf file that parents print and read to their kids as bedtime short stories. Educate the little kids with tough questions they all have, while making it fun: we could start here Is this something you'd all be interested in? Edit: Looks like we have enough support, and a decent amount of volunteers! If there's anyone else that would like to help, send me a PM or post here and I'll get in touch with you. I have enough time to execute this, but I'd also like someone to help me out a bit if anyone else has the free time and would like the task. Message me. I'll make a list soon of illustrators and writers. Edit 2: You guys are all awesome! I'll have an outline type document to send out to all the volunteers with all the details involved. Expect a message and/or email within the next few days! It's not too late to let me know if you'd like to volunteer! We'll take all the help we can get! Message me with your email address I can contact you at if possible.
The lump-like thing we feel when overcome by emotion has to do with how the nervous system deals with stress. The part of the nervous system that handles stress is called the autonomic nervous system. It controls bodily functions that we do not consciously control, such as digesting food and pumping blood through the heart. However, the autonomic nervous system is also important in dealing with emotional states. When an animal encounters a stressful situation, its autonomic nervous system kicks in to allow it to either fight or run away. It does this by increasing the flow of blood and oxygen to the necessary muscles. The same applies to humans. Even when we experience emotions such as grief or sorrow, the autonomic nervous system responds as it would to anger or fear by increasing the flow of oxygen through the body. To increase oxygen intake, the autonomic nervous system makes us breath faster, and expands the glottis, the opening in the throat that allows air to flow from the larynx to the lungs. The expansion of the glottis in and of itself does not create a lumpy feeling, until we try to swallow. Since swallowing involves closing the glottis, this works against the muscles that open the glottis in response to crying. We experience the resulting muscle tension as a lump in the throat.
According to a fusion scientist that did an IAMA a while back, the #1 hold back is funding - funding required to build the test reactors, needed to test the physics and engineering theory. While he mentions / elaborates on this answer in multiple posts; this is arguably the main one in which he talks about it: http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/mpc9g/iama_nuclear_fusion_scientist_american_expat_in/c32ravg ELI5: Say you lived in a really windy place, on a farm away from town, and you've always wanted a tree fort. Unfortunately, because it's so windy, when you try to build one, it gets blown out of the tree. To try and make it stay up there, you try a bunch of things, like using new things to hold your tree fort in place; you know that you could use rope, or glue, or nails or something else. You have a go at using some thin rope that your parents didn't want, but it's not enough, and it rips when a strong gust of wind comes along. You try some glue, but your clag glue doesn't really work.
While Imperialism made a bad lot worse, Africa's real problem is its geographic scarcity. "The presence of jungles, deserts and mountains and the lack of navigable rivers in Africa does more than make Africa capital poor; it also absolutely prevents unification. It makes it nearly impossible to create stable nation states when those on the borders have no possibility of stability." [Stratfor] There are reasons that the Imperialists landed and found no seriously organized nation-states. Yes, there were some large trading states but nothing unified, organization or even remotely controlling of anything outside of a narrow set of trade-routes and trade-cities. So, yes, downvote to Imperialism, but Africa has massive geographic problems that are always going to be near impossible to overcome. The same sorts of problems that Russia has, has always had and will always have. The kind of problems that create war, famine, and massive human suffering. Sure, maybe a few 'countries' have the ability to be self-sustaining and really build something but can they when all of their neighbors are one harvest away from massive food shortages and the inevitable warfare, strife and massive displacement of humans that accompanies all of this?
Senators are normally seated in January. The race between Al Franken and Norm Coleman was very close (~300 votes). This led to recounts, which led to lawsuits, which led to more recounts. Al Franken (who would've been #60) was not seated until July 7. Ted Kennedy was dying and had not cast a vote since April 2009 or so. After he died in August 2009, he was replaced by Paul G. Kirk until a special election could be held. Due to more lawsuits, Paul G Kirk served from Sept 24 2009 to February 4 2010. Scott Brown (R) won that special election, bringing the Senate Democrats down to 59 votes, and unable to break a filibuster by themselves. Note that Sept 24-Feb 4 is about 20 working days, due to recess and holidays. So, for about 20 working days, the Senate Democrats could have broken a filibuster if you could get every single one of them to agree on something. This is not an easy thing to do. Some of the members had ideological differences. Some of the members realized that being absolutely vital like this gave them leverage, and wanted to be sure that they got their legislative goals. This did not go well.
The Chinese system isn't exactly transparent, but there have been several decent attempts I've seen. The National People's Congress is basically a huge gathering of all the most important people in China (leaders, generals, party chiefs, governors, mayors, managers of big state-owned business etc.) and what regional officials consider to be 'grassroots' role models that can range from teachers and doctors, to farmers and scientists. Big important people make up 70%, and the role models 30%. The congress only happens every five years, and elects ~370 people to become part of the party's elite Central Committee (selected from a pool of people just a bit over ~370 - see a problem?). After being elected, this committee then chooses 24 members (who were also kind of pre-chosen by the state party's leadership anyway). Those 24 members (called the Politburo) decide the new standing committee. The new Standing Committee (which is the elite elite) is then revealed after the first meeting of the Central Committee. Currently has 9 members (so it's pretty exclusive) but it's rumoured that it'll go down to 7, which will make the quick decision making power of the Chinese government even quicker at making decisions as there'll be less discussion in the wake of reforms. The top of this elite elite standing comittee is the chair, who is also now the president of China.
They've allotted the space, but that space is not filled, nor does it all exist. It's similar to how so much of the money of the world is only dealt with digitally. All the space that they've promised users they can use doesn't all exist yet because it doesn't have to. Unless it really does exist because Kim Dotcom and co. are supremely rich. Either way, it's been promised to users but each uploader doesn't fill their free 50gb as soon as they make an account, so there's no need for them to actually have 50 million gb of space available on day one Edit: So actually ELI5 here. Imagine if your parents started work at a lollipop factory. They tell you that you can have as many as you want every night as long as you tell them the day before so they can bring them home from the factory. You go to school and brag about your new unlimited source of lollipops, and everyone in your class asks you for some. Robin loves lollipops and offers to pay you for 3 lollipops a day. Kenny and Josh don't even like lollipops, but they're just asking for some because everyone else is (and because you're giving them away for free, and who doesn't love free stuff?). Brian, Cameron, and Jessica wouldn't mind a lollipop each, per day, and although they're not huge fans like Robin is, they'll eat most of the lollipops you give to them and either throw the rest away after a while or give them to others. You don't have to have 8 lollipops on you for these 6 classmates every day- you'll know how many to bring to school when they ask you the day before; although it is good to have a few extras on hand for emergencies.
This guy explains really well what Octane rating is: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cfhTTuxF6Mk US and Europe calculate it in different ways which makes US fuel look like it has a lower rating but in reality they've got the same rating. US shows the average of the Research Octane Number (RON) and Motor Octane Number (MON) rating, which is the Anti-Knock Index (AKI) while Europe just shows the RON rating which gives a higher number than the MON rating. More info from wiki: The most common type of octane rating worldwide is the Research Octane Number (RON). RON is determined by running the fuel in a test engine with a variable compression ratio under controlled conditions, and comparing the results with those for mixtures of iso-octane and n-heptane (a fuel standard). Motor Octane Number (MON), which is a better measure of how the fuel behaves when under load, as it is determined at 900 rpm engine speed, instead of the 600 rpm for RON.[1] MON testing uses a similar test engine to that used in RON testing, but with a preheated fuel mixture, higher engine speed, and variable ignition timing to further stress the fuel's knock resistance. Depending on the composition of the fuel, the MON of a modern gasoline will be about 8 to 10 points lower than the RON, however there is no direct link between RON and MON. Normally, fuel specifications require both a minimum RON and a minimum MON.
Well, the reason why it's called the "Third Reich" is that Hitler was modeling it after the first two reichs. That's a German word that means "empire." The Second Reich was run by an emperor called a Kaiser, which is a German word that means "Caesar." The First Reich sprang from the original Caesars themselves - the Romans, who (more or less) unified Europe into one body, which then carried on through the Holy Roman Empire. (If you want to get technical, the Holy Roman Empire was the First Reich - it merely inherited a sense of self-importance or entitlement from the original not-so-holy Roman Empire.) What's important to understand for all this is that "Germany" didn't really exist as Germany for most of its history - it was a collection of often warring kingdoms, duchies and principalities with names like "Saxony" and "Prussia." There were also enclaves of ethnic German aristocrats who ruled towns or counties across Eastern Europe where most of the people were Slavs or Poles or something similar. So one of Hitler's main political aims was to bring all these scattered places together into one country - Greater Germany - and to get the world to accept that these enclaves and bits and pieces of land that were nominally other countries actually belonged to Germany. That's why when Germany annexed the , there was enough international confusion that not everyone accepted it as an invasion.
I used to work for a vending company. Every so often (typically after new bills were issued) we would have to get an update for the bill acceptors so our machines wouldn't think those newer bills were counterfeit. Bill acceptors have several settings on them as well and they are set mostly through DIP switches. Depending on the machine it interfaces with, there are settings for pulses per dollar, signal type, how "precise" the IR sensor needs to be, etc. Counterfeit currency has never been a huge issue in my part of the country, so we always set to accept bills more than reject since if there's anything that would be picked up by that sensor then more than likely it is correct. In fact, if you've tried fitting a bill into an acceptor more than like three times with it spitting it back out, more than likely either it's set to reject if there's any issue with the IR signature or it's an extremely dirty bill. The sensors can get dirty as hell too. Every month we'd run a cleaner through it. Just an alcohol pad roughly the size of a dollar.
They serve two main purposes. First off, they are just a holding tank. During peak water usage times (e.g. In the morning when people are getting up and showing) the water tower serves as a local reservoir so that water isn't having to be pumped in from the source at such a high rate. The tower is then refilled during times when the system isn't operating at peak loads. Secondly (and more interestingly) they help maintain water pressure in the system. Ever notice how when you turn your water on it starts immediately? It's because there is constant water pressure in your pipes and water is sitting right there at the tap waiting for you to open the valve so it can come out. If you turn on every faucet in your house, the pressure in all the pipes goes down and the water doesn't come out as fast. On a larger scale, if everyone in an area is doing laundry and taking showers and watering their lawns, it's like having every faucet in your house turned on and you risk everyone losing pressure. The water tower helps maintain pressure during these peak times. It does this simply by holding the water really high up. The water that it's holding "wants"to get down to the ground and is essentially pressing downward. This force keeps the pressure high enough that everyone using water is assured that the water will come out at a reasonable flow. The higher the tower, the more downward force it exerts.
I've been noticing a lot of reposted questions recently, mostly about things like Megaupload and other current events, but more than that, I've been going into threads I find interesting and curious and finding the only replies that have been posted are telling the OP to search before asking. This is good, we don't want too much recycled content on this sub or to be spammed with the same questions a thousand times a day (like what happened the last few days with Megaupload questions), however, when I check the links provided by commenters telling the OP to search first, most of the posts I see (that are the same as or similar to the post being commented on) are several months or more old. I just want to let everyone know that it is okay to have the same question asked that was asked six months or a year ago. Chances are, most of us didn't see it, or if we did, we could use a refresher on the topic since it was so long ago. By-and-large, everything's been great, keep posting great questions and answers, and don't forget to be awesome! -Dr_M
EDIT: The title should also include r/answers. As pointed out by demondawid, what ELI5 is in danger of becoming is more like r/answers than AskReddit. I think AskReddit still applies to my point, but far less so than r/answers. The concern is still the same though. This subreddit serves a niche, and it's a very specific one. I hope it can steer towards it, and stay there. Here's my concern. Many people are taking the "like I'm five" idea to be metaphorical. A cute way of saying, "explain it to me in a simple way." As I understand it, the idea is to not only explain the idea simply, but to explain it in a way a child could grasp. It gives someone completely clueless the fundamentals of understanding, which he can then build off of. If you look at AskReddit (r/answers fits here as well), it is essentially a place where people who don't know about a thing, or want to know more about a thing, get it explained to them in a simple way, a way they can understand. I've seen answers in this subreddit that could easily have been in AskReddit OR r/answers. People say that explaining some concepts that simply is impossible. I was inclined to agree, but then I saw this. Amazing. It was an easy read, and gave me the basic understanding of something that I thought would be too complex to explain to a child. Unfortunately, this is more highly upvoted. I looked at that and saw a bunch of numbers and acronyms and thought, "ugh, never mind. I'm not really that interested in programming." I'm sure it's well thought out, and very informative, but it doesn't follow the spirit of this subreddit. I downvoted the latter comment, and upvoted the first one I linked to (chipbuddy's). I realise this is against reddiquette, but it makes sense in this subreddit. I don't mind that those comments exist, I just wish that people realise why this subreddit was created and relegate comments like that a little bit lower. Perhaps after I read chipbuddy's very well child-tailored explanation, I would be more inclined to read the more complicated one. We need to self-moderate a little bit better. TL;DR - AskReddit and r/answers are for straightforward and/or simple explanations. ELI5 is for explanations a child could understand. Edited to include r/answers due to demonawid's critique. He's right, but I believe my point is still valid. Edit 2: I love that we have a lot of discussion going on this. I've been busy today, so I haven't had time to join in as much as I'd like. I hear those who are disagreeing with me, you all have valid points. However, I do want to make one thing clear. I am not suggesting that a child couldn't comprehend what a kind of metal is or what a certain element is called. If you explain it to Eli in the right way, he'd definitely comprehend it. The "right way" is what I'm getting at. I believe my fist linked comment explaining programming languages is not the right way to explain it to Eli. It does not need to be an analogy, but that certainly helps with very complicated answers. To those who believe that I, and the others who agree, are being overly nit picky: If this subreddit involves people asking questions and getting answers like these, how is it any different from r/answers? To remain distinct, this subreddit has to stay in the "a child could comprehend it" niche. Edit 3: It looks as if chipbuddy's response has surged up since I linked to those two responses above. Good on you all!
Hi, I'm the guy that figured them out. If you want an ELI5 explanation: it's binary data, and every file in your computer looks like this, internally - even text files. This is a way of encoding the binary data as text - it's called a hex dump. Hexadecimal is a counting system we programmers use when working with computers - it's like decimal (that most humans use), but it has 16 numbers instead of 10. Because it's just binary data, it could be anything - just like a file on your computer could store different types of data (text, a photo, a video, and so on). In a few cases we were able to decode what it was, because we could identify the data - some of the messages were tiny pictures for example. The most famous was the ASCII stone henge. The recent messages are more of a mystery. There's lots and lots of them, so it seems unlikely they're being made by hand - it might be a computer program generating them. Also we don't know what the content is - when we decode it, it isn't any type of file we recognise. It might be encrypted data, or just random data (it's impossible to tell the difference).
This is a place to ask questions that some people might find obvious -- and to do so without fear of downvoted, made fun of, or ignored. A great example of a question here would be: "Can someone explain the deal with the debt ceiling?" A lot of us may have heard a lot about it in recent news, and despite being fairly well-educated, really not understand the basic concept. Here's a place to get an answer -- OR, show off your knowledge! The number one rule here is simple: Respect. As a submitter (asker), you need to respect the subreddit by being honest. While there are no "dumb" questions here, please don't waste the space by asking questions that are clearly rhetorical in nature. As a replier (answerer), please remember that no matter how simple the question may seem to YOU, the spirit of this subreddit is for people to come here without fear of being condescended to. Please politely contribute to the discussion. I'll be more than happy to take additional suggestions, guidelines, and thoughts on the way this place should be run. Thanks for checking this out -- and let's make this happen!
Imagine you and your older brother both like cookies. Every Friday your mom puts a plate of cookies on the counter. You and your older brother both run to the kitchen when she calls you. Your brother runs straight for the plate but you have to grab a chair first because you are shorter and cannot easily reach the plate. Because of this, most Fridays your brother eats the majority of the cookies. This isn't because he's naturally any better than you, you just have circumstances which make it statistically less likely for you to get to the cookies first. Mom comes up with a way to help make sure you both get the same number of cookies. On Thursdays, mom bakes a special small batch of cookies just for you. Your brother is not allowed to eat any of these. Despite the fact that your brother is lucky to be taller than you and normally gets most of the Friday cookies, he doesn't like the fact that he can't eat the Thursday cookies as well. He complains to Mom that the Thursday cookies just for you are unfair. She admits that her system isn't perfect and ideally she'd find a way to make sure you both share the Friday cookies equally. Because she can't think of a better way, the Thursday cookies will be fine for now. In time, when you are both older, there should hopefully be no need to make Thursday cookies...
Leonardo Da Vinci painted it. He is the foremost Renaissance artist. Artist's credibility adds to the paintings popularity. Napoleon Bonaparte hung the painting in his master bedroom in 1800. This - I think - was the first tipping point of making the painting one of the most popular paintings in the world. 1804, Mona Lisa is hung in the Louvre - and others can now glimpse at the painting that Napoleon slept with. But the real tipping point for the paintings popularity only hit in August of 1911 - when Mona Lisa is stolen. Stolen from heavily secured Louvre which experts said was impossible. No one knows who stole it or how. Conspiracy theories abound. The painting is talked about in every newspaper. After 2 weeks of much fan fare, Police arrest Guillaume Apollinaire on suspicion of theft. He is the only person they have arrested. Apollinaire implicates Pablo Picasso. The rumor of Picasso stealing the Mona Lisa adds in a lot more fuel in making Mona Lisa very very popular. Picasso is questioned and released. Guillaume Apollinaire himself is released after 5 days. Everyone is still clueless as to who stole the painting. But conspiracy theories abound.
Everything has been getting a little bit better all the time. This adds to changes that allow for better products a little bit at a time. The silicon wafer might become a bit purer from the smelting process this year. Next year a small increase in the accuracy of the ion implanted allows for better gate width tolerances. Basically we could have done these things 10 years ago. But only in a lab. And only 1 out if 100,000 times. To mass produce something takes incredible control that gets better over time. New computer parts are leading to better controls an processes that lead to better chips that lead to better computers. And round and round it goes. But to make things even a little bit smaller, you can fit more on a chip. Which is doubling the number of transistors on a chip. A 30% reduction in all dimensions of a transistor will allow for doubling the number of transistors in the same area. Note: it isn't every two years we make a faster chip. It is every two years we will double the number of transistors. Source: engineer in semiconductor industry
Technology. Back in the day you would need to get a few skillful musicians together and make a band. Then you would have to find a manager. Then you would have to play gigs. Then you would NEED a record deal. The record companies paid you to go around and tour to get your name out to the general public. This sequence of events was exceedingly rare so very few bands made it this far. Now with technology any individual with a computer can be their own band. I personally can write, record, mix, and master any genre of music I want with my macbook pro. Once you've done this you can simply go on facebook to promote yourself. It costs close to nothing to create an album and you don't need the backing of a record company or a manager to do so (It still helps to have both these things, but they aren't required like they used to be). This dilutes the consumers because they have so many more choices - so many more bands to choose from. They can pick exactly what they want, and most of the time, their choices are very different. Big rock bands like the ones you mentioned don't exist anymore because the people who used to like those bands have found new subgenres to explore within rock. This is also true for all the subgenres within electronic, hip-hop, pop music, etc.
Fire is hot. heat is basically energy. wood is made of very tiny things called atoms i like to think of them as being the lego of the universe just really really REALLY tiny. ok and around the atom there are things called electrons that like to "spin" all around the atoms in the wood. and when you set something on fire like wood with a match you are introducing heat/energy to the wood's atoms but more specifically their electrons that are "spinning" around the atoms. so you can see fire right? well you know how its red or yellow, orange even blue sometimes. what you see are all the electrons that are "spinning" around the atom they get excited and jump up and down and the jumping up is what you see. jumping electrons make heat/ energy. It gets more technical but thats all you really need. as for what happens to the burning wood it doesn't disappear it just turns to other stuff. stuff you can and can't see like soot or ash and carbon and fumes that you can't see. but all that stuff that gets let out if you collect it all it should be the same amount of stuff the wood had in the beginning. also google
(Campaign spending this year will definitely be in the billions, it will definitely not be in the trillions.) Your question involves the economics of elections, which is actually not something we know all that much about since it changes election cycle to election cycle. But I'll take a stab at answering you given what we know about economics generally and you can take it or leave it. If you get nothing out of this answer but the second half of this sentence you'll understand the issue rather well: Not all economic activity is equally stimulative. This is an extremely important point, not just in the context of campaign spending, but in ANYTHING involving economic stimulus. A dollar spent on anything, be it ditch-digging or groceries or on a new computer or on a campaign ad will create value in the economy because the guy you paid can now buy something with that dollar, but a dollar spent on Thing A was necessarily not used for Thing B--and not all Things produce the same amount of value. Therefore, there are some things that are better for the economy than others, and it turns out, campaign spending is less good for the economy than the things we would otherwise spend money on. Okay, so let's get more specific by starting with the act of donating to a campaign. Let's say you give the maximum amount to a national campaign: $2500. That money goes to a campaign who will want to use it to advertise in a competitive district--these districts are usually cities and their surrounding suburbs (politically, they tend to be the swingiest districts so they get a lot of attention from campaigns). The campaign needs to spend your money on two things to advertise in these places: 1) they need to create a commercial and 2) they need to buy the air time.
So a little backstory on the Espionage Act and how it works. Official secrecy in the United States is remarkably recent. There were basically no laws about it until the 20th century. There were some military regulations as to what to do if someone was spying (who was in the military), but that was basically it. You had lots of informal secrecy, but very few laws about it — very few ways in which the government could say, "ah, I consider this information to be secret, and if you violate that understanding, I can punish you." Prior to the Espionage Act, secrecy was largely what I call "contractual": you signed a piece of paper that said, "I agree to keep this secret, and if I fail, you can do stuff to me," which is very different from a "compulsory" secrecy regime where if you give away something that is considered secret, you can go to jail, whether you agreed to keep it secret or not. World War I changed this. Why? Fears of German spies, fears of local insurrection, and new fears about the role of technical information in war. Secrets in war prior to WWI were more along the lines of "how many troops are here and how many of them are going to be somewhere else in three days" and things like that ("troop movements"). Secrecy in war from WWI forward had that but introduced new and important categories like "what kind of super cool new weapons am I working on" and "what kind of information have I intercepted about the enemy." (The submarine was the "wonder weapon" of WWI and the cause of a lot of American fears.)
TL; DR: William Randolph Hearst: Evil genius bastard. Didn't ban marijuana. That was due to tighty-whitey rich folks concerned poor people might be enjoying themselves. For the same reasons that pretty much every psychoactive substance is illegal, except for the few grandfathered-in exceptions (ie. alcohol & tobacco): moral panics, classism, racism, and heavy handed attempts to control the genuine social harm they cause. Non-booze-&-smokes drugs first became widespread in the western world in the 19th century, when a combination of trade routes opening to the rest of the world, more leisure time & disposable income (thanks to industrialisation), & the collapse of traditional social pressures against their (mis)use led to the popularisation of opium, laudanum, newly-invented cocaine, & yes, weed. Broadly speaking, if you were a factory worker/city dweller in 19th c. Britain or America, you suddenly had free time, spare cash, drugs in the shops and fewer village elders or church fathers to tell you not to use them. This is also why drinking (probably) exploded around this time, leading to the demonisation of "gin palaces" & the like as much as it did opium dens. Opium dens? Ah, time for the racism & classism! Who am I kidding, it's history, it's ALWAYS time for racism! So, newly-popular drugs became bound up in popular Victorian imagination with the urban poor, many new immigrants to the US- or, as the elites of the time saw them, the filthy black/yellow/Catholic hordes (southern Europeans in general & Catholics in particular were as distrusted at the time by the WASP establishment as Chinese & blacks- think "wetback" for contemporary equivalence). So the filthy foreign devils were hopped up on nasty drugs, ready to riot at any moment, and corrupting honest(ish) whites with their pagan narcotics.
Well, the United States has for many decades now been the main country in world politics. (Longer than that here in Latin America.) Chávez's ideology consisted basically of opposing the US and buying popular support with oil revenues. Given that many people in the continent dislike the US, Chávez was a leader and an inspiration for other, similar governments in Argentina, Bolivia, Ecuador and Nicaragua. It remains to be seen how strong this anti-American movement will be without him. It is important to notice that one of the attitudes these governments have taken is to strengthen their ties with countries the US dislikes, or suspects, or that try to rival it: for example, Russia and Iran. They also support the "wrong" side in the Arab Spring - Gadaffi and Assad, for instance. There is little these small countries can do on the ground, but their political support is still somewhat relevant to prevent these US enemies from being "cornered" and isolated. Just think of Julian Assange being hosted by the Ecuadorian embassy in London - this is done for no other reason than to oppose the US.
The others don't seem to be very ELI5 worthy. Let me try. When you squeeze something very hard it gets hot. When you heat up gasoline it explodes. Your car uses a spark to make it explode, but it also squeezes it a lot to help. If you squeeze it too hard it explodes before the spark happens. (In fact truck engines just squeeze it really really hard and don't have any spark!) When your car is going the pistons are going up and down and squeezing the gasoline and then the spark happens when the piston is in the right place and it explodes and pushes the piston down again. If the gasoline explodes too soon, then the piston is still trying to move upwards and the explosion pushes it down the wrong way. This hurts the engine and doesn't make the car move very well! They make different types of gasoline to make sure it only explodes at the right time. If you use a type that needs to be squeezed harder, it might not make as much power if you don't squeeze it that much. But if you use a type that explodes too soon it might actually hurt your engine. Too much means it hurts the car. Too little isn't as powerful. So you always use the type that is made juuuuust right for your car.
Many commenters have one part of the answer: drivers, but are forgetting another important element which is un/locked bootloaders. On a PC the bootloader is unlocked. As long as you have a bootable device and the correct drivers you can install whatever you want on it. Linux, Windows, even OSX (with some hacks/tweaks) and any other marginal OS. However, on a phone, the bootloaders are often locked which is usually mandated by the cell phone carrier. This means that you can't just install anything you want, EVEN if you did have the drivers for it. Developers either need to pressure the manufacturer to unlock it, crack the bootloader themselves, or find workarounds that are less than optimal. I had a device that suffered from this problem, the Motorola Droid 2. The bootloader was locked and it was never cracked. The latest official firmware was Android Gingerbread. However, during the Froyo days people found a way to work around it and install GB while using the Froyo kernel. Less than optimal of course, but at least you got some of the benefits of the new Gingerbread OS. Fast forward to today, the phone is completely abandoned by Motorola because it's not a new device and makes them no money, but it's perfectly capable of running ICS, one of the newer Android builds. Developers have found a way to workaround the limitation of the locked bootloader and install a newer OS, but because of the locked bootloader there are tons of bugs and limitations.
I'm an iOS developer, and haven't worked with 360 or PS3, but what I say here should apply to all cross-platform development. Essentially what changes between platforms is two major things: the relationship between the hardware and the software, and the hardware specifications. At work we develop on PC and then make sure everything works on a Mac & device. As a result we have several sections of our code that only work on one type of machine vs the other. It's a bit like language. Imagine that the PC only speaks Japanese, and the iOS only speaks Swedish. You speak both, and you are told to describe to both of them a picture. The languages are fundamentally different - what you describe to the PC and what you describe to the iOS may ultimately the same thing, the words you used to describe the picture are completely different and usually in a different order. Without metaphor, what changes is usually system calls such as how you display graphics, and how you do things like achievements or online systems. You can imagine for yourself that XBox Live necessarily works very differently from standard PC multiplayer, and Xbox achievements work differently from steam achievements. The other thing that changes is the available hardware. On iOS we're often working with multiple devices which all have different hardware requirements, much like PC development. The iPad 1 will force close apps that use more than 75 mb of RAM for long periods of time, and has only 1024x768 resolution. The iPad 3 has much more RAM and double that resolution. Our PCs have many gigabytes of RAM and high resolution monitors. So simply what we are capable of displaying is vastly different between platforms. Sometimes that means we compromise, because with extremely short development cycles, we don't have time to go our of our way for extras. For example, on PC we run the game as though it were an iPhone 5, because writing the game to take full advantage of the power of the PC would take too much time and not be useful to us.
It's only recently-- the past 100 years or so-- that homosexuality as we know it now has really existed. This isn't to say that it's a recent invention, of course, but it's only since the trial of Oscar Wilde that homosexuality has really been an orientation rather than a behavior. What this means is that in cultures where homosexuality is/was widespread, engaging in homosexual sex wasn't seen as something that actually made you gay. In the US (and probably Canada and a lot of other Christian-dominated countries as well, but the US is what I know), gay sex made you a Sodomite, but so did a lot of non-reproductive heterosexual sex acts, like oral sex and anal sex. You also get different ideas about sex and gender in different countries. I'll be talking about sex and gender as different things here, so in case you don't know the basic difference, it's that sex is purely biological; it's determined by your genetics, your primary sexual characteristics (genitals), your secondary sexual characteristics (breasts, body hair, shoulder width, etc) and your hormones (how much testosterone, estrogen and progesterone you have in your body). Gender is the social construction of sex; the ideas you have about how women should be and how men should be are not about sex (what nature makes men and women) but about how society expects men and women to behave. The easy trick for remembering this is that "Gender is between the ears, sex is between the legs."
In the very beginning fish had one hole (called a cloaca) that they did everything from (number 1, number 2 and spawning). There may not have been any reason for this, evolution relies on chance to add new features and then natural selection to optimise them, so if by chance the various parts were added to the existing hole instead of a new hole then this would stick. Now while mammals were evolving the part that does both pee and sex happened to start to grow out. As it is an advantage to place sperm further in the female this grew into the penis. Again it just happened by chance that the pee and sex tube grew out together rather than separately, and because it's not really a disadvantage it was never changed. It's like how animals use their mouth for both breathing and eating where it would be a better "design" to keep them separate to help avoid chocking, it's because the fish that had air filled swim bladders (which evolved into lungs) empty into their mouth and not a different part of their body.
You see, this isn't about how "holy" someone is considered to someone else. From an islamic point of view (for the non five-year-olds: this is a sweeping simplification, no religion has a general POV true for every practitioner of the religion), Islam is the end point of a wave of religions starting with Judaism and continuing through Christianity. Basically, the only difference between Christianity and Islam is Muhammad and his teachings. For most muslims this view is confirmed by the fact that christians in islamic countries live a lot more like the local muslims than like christians in the West. So making fun of Muhammad is making fun of the only thing that differentiates Islam from Christianity, and therefore also all of Islam. Another part of the problem is a cultural difference between islamic countries and the West. It's a bit hard to explain, and it's definitely outside of ELI5 territory, but you can imagine that an idea can't exist outside of the relationship between to people. In the West we relate to ideas as something individual and separate from the people who have it. You can ridicule and idea without ridiculing the people who have the idea. An ideology can be made fun of without making fun of the people who adhere to the ideology. In the islamic cultural sphere this is very different. If I offer you a smoke, it's not about offering you a way to sate your potential need for one, it's about showing you that I respect you, and by accepting it, you also respect me. In the religiously heterogenous Middle East, I don't necessarily expect you to convert, but I expect you to show your respect for me by not making fun of them. If you don't accept my beliefs as something to be revered, you're disrespecting me personally, and showing me that you consider my beliefs as inferior to your own.
Better question is why it worked on Earth but not Mars or Venus. Earth is larger and from that fact alone, our core, assuming similar composition, can get denser and hotter. Also the additional gravity allows us to hold our atmosphere better. Earth's moon is also abnormally large compared to the moons of other planets(when compared to the mass of the moons' host planets). Meaning our moon is bigger than normal for our planet size. The gravitational effects of our moon affects our planet more than a smaller moon would. The tidal effects that affect our oceans also tugs on our mantle keeping it in motion and also fluid. The active core generates our magnetosphere that shield us from solar winds that can strip away atmosphere. It's still debatable, but a geologically active core might be a prerequisite. Venus is closer to Earth's mass, but is geologically inactive. (correction : Venus is geologically active, but lava hasn't been observed. It does have a young crust, so that is a sign of geological activity)
Let's pretend that your computer is a treehouse club that you like to play in and invite friends over to. Anti-Virus is like a bouncer standing at the door of the club. Except this guy has a list of bad people who he looks out for and when they try to go into the club he stops them. If there are new bad kids in the neighborhood that the bouncer doesn't know about he might let them in so it is important to make sure his list of bad people is kept up-to-date. It is also important for you to avoid inviting random kids you meet in bad areas of town to come and play. Some places are known hangouts for trouble makers. Norton Anti Virus is a big heavy slow bouncer who asks for money every year and he is clumsy and gets in the way a lot when you are trying to play in the treehouse. Microsoft Security Essentials is a skinny fast martial arts expert who stays out of sight except when he is needed and has a good up-to-date list of bad kids all the time without asking you for any money. There are other good free bouncers out there too. I happen to like Microsoft Security Essentials at the moment. A few years ago AVG Free was good but he has put on a few pounds and slowed down lately in my opinion.
It isn't well known the reason yet exactly, but there are a few theories about why we cry. First of all, tears come from our tear ducts whose primary function is to cleanse the eye. Scientists in the field have found that humans produce three distinct types of tears: Basal tears meant to moisten the eye (after blinking usually) Reflex tears that are caused from irritation of the eye in order to flush the eye. Emotional tears that result from sadness, pain, and even joy. Numbers 1 and 2 have very clear purposes, but number 3 is a tough question to answer, and many theories have been developed to try to explain why crying may have been a beneficial reaction to emotion. Here are a few I have found. Communication: When we are unable to speak to each other, maybe as infants or even before humans had developed the ability to clearly communicate, crying may have served as a form of telling others that something is wrong and needs to be addressed. An example that is easy to relate to is a crying baby. Usually when the baby cries, this means that he needs to be addressed for one thing or another, even if we might not know exactly what it is.
It isn't really a type of science. It is actually a part of philosophy (one of MANY). Metaphysics is meant to explain what things are. If I were to ask you what a pencil was you would say that it is a tool used for writing. Metaphysics asks what makes a pencil a pencil. At what point does the graphite, wood and rubber create our concept of a "pencil"? When these parts are separate they have a different identity than when they come together as a whole. Imagine you had a machine that could take any thing you put in it and tell you things like its mass and what it is made of. It wouldn't be able to tell the difference between a pencil and that same pencil after you snapped it in half. But in our own minds we think of these, essentially identical things, as different. Regular physics describes the rules of things we can usually touch or see. Metaphysics describes the rules of things in our mind. Its like THOUGHT PHYSICS! Philosophy, metaphysics in particular, is pretty interesting. If you ever get a chance take a Philosophy 101 class. If you have any more questions on metaphysics or philosophy in general I'd be thrilled to answer. Edited to be more ELI5 friendly, and because I'm a horrible writer.
I have struggled with this myself, especially since I am on disability and my parents don't support me so I have very little money to afford college, but it's basically like this. In the eyes of federal aid you are not legally independent from your parents until the age of 24 unless you are married, have kids, are a grad student, a military veteran, orphan, at the risk of being homeless, or is an emancipated minor. Think of it this way: Many college students between 18-24 do have the tendency to go to their parents in need of money so their parents income and assets need to be included. Two out of three of my siblings (and myself) lived with my mother at some point in our college careers in an attempt to save money because we were going to colleges nearby. I am 24 years old and still seek help from my mother when I am out of food or need a ride to the doctor (not really ashamed of it). In the typical college student situation you tend to see the student seek some loans and assistance from the parental units. The end.
Think of it like velcro. The air, which in this example represents the hooks on the velcro, is moving across the water's surface. The water molecules are like felt balls, jumping around with some energy. If a ball jumps high enough, and there is space for it on the velcro, it is picked up by this velcro surface. If the puddle has a large surface area, meaning these balls are spread out more, rather than being stacked, the velcro can pick these up much faster because more of them can jump up and attach themselves. And if the velcro is moving quickly across the surface, there's a lot more free space for the balls to latch on, so the puddle dries up quicker. But if the velcro isn't moving very fast, and there's already a lot of felt balls attached to the velcro, the other ones can't latch on. This is called saturation. Also, if the balls aren't jumping very much because they're not very energetic, they won't attach to the velcro, meaning the puddle won't dry up. I hope this answers your question.
Well, he says a lot of inflammatory things. Some are taken out of context, some might work as jokes in person but make him come across as an ass in text, some are just him trying to be an affable asshole (and failing). He was featured pretty heavily in Indie Game: The Movie, which, depending on your reading, either makes him look like a person under a tremendous amount of pressure starting to crack, or a pretentious, whiny asshole who thinks that everything he does is golden. But really, most of it is overblown. He says some things that rile people up a little bit, and if his work was perfect he would be able to get away with it just fine. But due to his games being flawed on a technical level (although Fez was incredibly ambitions from a design standpoint), lots of the internet expect him to be more apologetic towards the public, which he is not. But watch him in a more natural, unedited setting (Like here) that isn't edited for emotion like a movie and lets you actually hear his tone behind the words and he seems much more normal. Edit: Relevant link that I totally forgot about, Phil Fish watches Indie Game: The Movie, taken right after he sees the film for the first time. "Ed" that he talks about is Ed Mcmillen, one of the creators of Super Meat Boy.
People generally declare bankruptcy when their debts are too big to replay them. A normal person might have a $1000 a month mortgage and $500 a month car payment, and $0 in the bank. If they lose their job, and have $0 in the bank, they'd have no way to make the payments, and could declare bankruptcy to keep their lends from taking the car and house back. Now, the ultra rich like Trump wouldn't have normal bills like that. Let's make up a medium rich guy "Joe" because it's easier. Joe is a Doctor and make $250K per year. Joe also has $1M in cash, and his house is worth $1M. He wants to buy a golf course for $10M because he thinks it will make him a lot of more money. So, he borrows $9M adds his own $1M cash, and buys the golf course. The golf course makes enough money that he can pay the bank back the $9M he owes them. But, then, the economy goes down, and the golf course doesn't make enough money. He still owes the bank $8M on the golf course, but he's out of cash. To make matters worse, the golf course is now only worth $5M. The only other thing he has left is his house. Now, keep in mind. Joe is still making $250K per year as a doctor. So, he can still go on vacation and buy stuff. But his debts ($8M) are too large for him to back on his income of $250K per year. He's a broke rich guy. To a normal person, he may look "Rich", but he still can't pay his debts. Let's look at how much money he has:
Hey guys! Just wanted to say a few words here. In just a few months, ELI5 has turned from a crazy, middle-of-the-night idea I had during this past summer off from teaching...into an explosively popular subreddit that's now bigger than I had ever hoped (hitting 50,000 subscribers a few weeks ago.) I'm still amazed by that -- but I'm even more amazed at what an amazing community this has become, and how much knowledge is being shared. This could not have been possible without all you amazing subscribers -- as well as our truly dedicated and fantastic mod staff. I'd dare anyone to browse around ELI5 for twenty minutes and not come away having learned something new - or been taught to think of something in a new way. That's pretty awesome. Having said that, I want to clarify what myself and the rest of the mods believe ELI5 exactly is and is not. And while we understand that the idea and subreddit itself will continue to grow and evolve, there are some things we would like to clarify: -- As we say in the sidebar, ELI5 is a place to receive simple explanations to complicated issues. "Simple explanations" does NOT ALWAYS HAVE TO BE an allegory or metaphor. (However, if this works best for the explanation, great!) Point is: As long as the explanation is simple and as thorough as possible, it belongs in ELI5. -- A word about the whole "five-year-old" thing: Yes, I named this place "Explain Like I'm Five", but really, it's more of a title to be catchy. Please, please stop arguing about what a five-year-old would understand...or would ask about. We all know most five-year-olds wouldn't ask questions about politics, or sex, or economics -- but those are some of our best posts, and fall wholly within the spirit of ELI5. Believe me, I work on a campus where there are actual five-year-olds running around, and trust that you would NOT want this subreddit to be dominated by those kinds of questions (or answers.) -- For goodness sakes, if you disagree with a submission, please use the downvote button. We don't need to continue the infighting about what belongs here and what doesn't. If you disagree with the LOGIC behind an answer, please feel free to reply with a rebuttal! But...we don't need to argue here and be uncivilized. It's "Explain Like I'm Five"...not Act Like I'm Five. Remember, subreddits work because they're ultimately controlled by YOU, the community. YOU ultimately decide -- via upvotes and downvotes -- what's good content and what isn't. It's not our job as mods to police you -- and you honestly don't need it. You've proven yourselves to be an incredibly intelligent community. The VAST majority of content in ELI5 is awesome, in terms of both questions and answers. This is, at its heart, a place to ask questions without fear of judgment or ridicule. That means ANY question. Think it's better suited for AskReddit, another subreddit or maybe not even Reddit at all? Cool. Downvote and move on. I say again: If you don't like a submission, downvote and move on. Enough infighting. Allow the system to work. It really, truly does as a whole. On another note -- if you LOVE a submission or answer, don't forget to submit it into our ongoing compilation, "The Five Year Old's Guide To The Galaxy! You can find a link to submit and view in the sidebar any time you visit ELI5. I want to thank those of you who have contacted us recently and asked for a statement such as this to go out -- as well as those of you who've made the meta posts to begin with, too. Your mods will always be here to listen to each of you who've made this place so great, and hopefully this note lets you know that our non-interventionist stance on most posts does NOT mean we're not keeping an eye on this place. We're right here, loving this subreddit as much as the crazy day it started. We appreciate every message and every post, and will continue to strive to do our best to keep ELI5 a place of learning and discovery. To that end: As of today, we will be removing any meta, "what is the nature of ELI5" posts. Questions -- and the occasional "unsolicited explanation" posts -- only, please. I hope this note has cleared up things a little, our mission, our goals, all of that. As always, feel free to message the mods as a whole or me personally if you have any questions or comments. Thank you guys for being kick-ass ELI5'ers. With gratitude, bossgalaga
It actually may have very little to do with being tired. The causes range from allergies, to water retention to damage from rubbing your eye and exhaustion or even simply heredity. When you're tired, your skin can get dull and dehydrated, causing hollow areas below your eyes and allowing dark blood vessels and tissue beneath your skin to show through, according to the New York Times. The thin, delicate skin around your eyes may be especially susceptible. Sleeplessness can also cause fluids to accumulate around your eyelids, puffing them up so that they cast dark shadows onto the area under your eyes, according to the Mayo Clinic. To understand what causes them, we need to look at the nose. The most common cause of those dark bluish circles under the eyes is congestion around the nose. You see, the veins around the underside of the eyes drain into the veins of the nose. When your nose becomes congested or is blocked up, those veins become restricted and the flow of blood is reduced. This causes the flow of blood under the eyes to slow. The veins under the eyes become engorged causing them to swell larger and appear darker. The most common cause of congestion is allergies and the most common allergens are pet dander, house dust, pollen and foods such as milk wheat, and chocolate.
Yup, I'm ~40 years old and understand the concept of using a bidet, but not exactly, not specifically. Where does the water come from? What opening? (answered) Where does it hit on your body? Like, directly on the anus? The taint? All over the place down there? (answered) What sort of stream of water is it? Jet, stream, mist, etc? (answered) Can you adjust the aim of the water? (answered) How hard does the water hit your body? (answered) Can you adjust the water pressure? (answered) Is it possible for water to go inside your anus? If so, wouldn't you worry about leaking anal fluid? (answered) Do women use the bidet to pee? (answered) Do you use toilet paper at all when using a bidet? If yes, how do you dry off the water? If no, then why use a bidet to start with? (answered) Do you flush twice? Once to get rid of the bodily waste and secondly to get rid of poo water? Is there some other mechanism? (answered) Edit: What temperature is the water? (answered) Do you poop in the toilet, flush, then shift over to the bidet to clean yourself? (answered)
Alright I'm an American and I have a bidet that you can add on to a toilet. I will say this, using a bidet is awesome not only does it cut down on toilet paper usage, but you feel more clean down there. There are many types of add-on bidet ranging from a simple water pressure operated one to electric ones that have heated seats and a deodorizer. If anyone is wondering this is the bidet I own: Joy Bidet HC-3 Later on when I get a house I plan on buying one of the fancy Coco bidets which start at $300 (since with my current apartment setup unless I drill through a wall I don't have access to an outlet or the hot water source under the sink). Where does the water come from? What opening? You connect the bidet using a T connecter to the same tube that fills the back of the toilet. Where does it hit on your body? Like, directly on the anus? The taint? All over the place down there? The bidet I have is a water pressure operated one so I have to shift to get the water to hit different areas. The electric bidets (like a CoCo bidet) have a spout that you can adjust without shifting around. But basically anywhere in the crack area.
Social darwinism is an attempt to use Darwin's idea of natural selection, or "the survival of the fittest," to explain or, in my experience usually justify, the mistreatment of one group of humans by another. In normal polite discourse, it is almost never a good thing to be accused of being a Social Darwinist. Social Darwinism has an ugly history of being used to justify mistreatment of groups of people and even genocide. People who may subscribe to some ideas of Social Darwinism usually don't like to use the term because of the ugly connotations. Here's an example: why are some people poor? The Social Darwinist would say some people are poor because they are dumber, lazier, or otherwise not as capable of competing with smarter, harder working, richer people. Similar to how natural selection causes less fit types of organisms get outcompeted by more fit ones, the Social Darwinist would believe that poor people will over time be removed from the gene pool because they cannot compete with the people who are more fit. Basically, survival of the fittest for humans. Here's where it gets really ugly. If you believe in survival of the fittest for humans, you might think it is in humanity's best interest and therefore your duty to oppress or even kill the "lesser people." This leads to all kinds of persecutions. How do groups wind up on the list of "lesser people?" Usually, historical biases. Nazi Germany is sometimes considered to be a Social Darwinist regime (there is some debate about their motivations). They believed the Aryan race to be superior to the Jews and gypsies and actively tried to kill them. By exterminating the undesirables they believed they were making the gene pool stronger. So Social Darwinism became a justification to murder millions of people they didn't like. It is pretty easy to see how Social Darwinism can be used to justify genocide.
In and around your joints is a very special fluid called "synovial fluid." This fluid is like oil or lubricant for the joints. This fluid kind of feels like egg yolk and it is great at making sure your joints don't grind together and hurt. This fluid is made by a kind of skin or membrane inside your joints called a "synovial membrane." Now this fluid is pretty cool. It not only oils up the joints but it also protects them from damage. The fluid becomes kind of tough when a force is put on it and immediately goes back to normal when the force is gone (edit for those of you wondering this is called a shear thickening fluid or a dilatant). Synovial fluid also contains quite a few gases like the oxygen you breath in and the carbon dioxide, which you breathe out. The fluid also contains nutrients and so the fluid helps put good stuff into the cells it touches (and cartilage) and takes the waste out, like carbon dioxide. When you crack your knuckles you are making a small separation between your joints. This separation increases the volume of the space that your synovial fluid likes to sit in (since you are pushing your bones up and down more than they usually go). Now synovial fluid likes to fill up the entire space it sits in, by quickly making the volume or space larger it creates what we call a "negative pressure" like a vacuum almost around around the fluid. When this happens there isn't enough fluid to fill the space so it gets filled by the gases in the fluid. Usually the gases stay in the fluid (they stay in solution like when you dissolve salt in water) but the gas only stays in the fluid (at body temperature) under a certain pressure, when you decrease the pressure the gas gets to escape. This forms a bunch of bubbles that quickly pop and make the cracking sound you hear.
I actually wrote a thesis on this. Bad words are related to culture (including time period). Whatever is considered socially unacceptable in that culture is usually the root of the bad word. I am going to use American society as an example because I think it has a pretty good timeline of cursing (and it is what I used in my paper). Many Americans come from Christian backgrounds, especially back in the 1800s. So you will find that older people consider words like 'goddamnit' and 'hell' to be bad words. A curse word takes what is sacred and violates it, so anything with the word 'god' used in vain, or saying, 'Jesus Christ' is considered naughty. Then, moving up some years, sex became a much more unsure thing, so curse words that became more and more popular revolved around sex-- 'fuck' became the naughtiest of the naughty. Words like, 'dick', 'cunt', etc. also became bad. Cunt, I think is the most interesting word because to this day, people who are ok with saying fuck still won't say cunt. There's something very uncomfortable and sacred about vaginas for people in America. In this day and age, you might think that every cuss word boundary has been crossed-- even PG13 movies are allowed to have one 'fuck'. But current American society still has curse words-- racial and homophobic slurs. Even people who are comfortable using all the above words in public still consider themselves above using words like 'nigger' or 'faggot'. In this day and age, we consider the personal identity to be sacred, and insulting anything that has to do with that in a big cultural no-no.
I would actually suggest reading through his Wikipedia page if nothing else. Perhaps not quite an ELI5 answer, but you seem generally curious so I'll give it a bit of a shot. Che is one of the more controversial figures of the last century and people have very polarized views about him. In my mind a lot of people either idealize a lot about both him and the ideals he stood for while ignoring his flaws, contradictions, and less than desirable traits or the do the complete opposite and condemn him for his ideology and actions, but refuse to acknowledge anything that might portray him in a positive light. If you read much about his life, at the very least you will find that he was certainly an interesting character. I'm not going to give you his life history as you could easily just glance at that wikipedia article or some other online source or the numerous books about him. However, even as a young man he was a pretty interesting guy. Maybe not one of those people who you want to be friends with, but one of those individuals that is driven by their beliefs. He was far more educated than most people of that time and place and would do cool things like take long introspective motorcycle rides through multiple countries just because he felt like it. He was very much about helping out the poor and weak and largely came to associate their repression by greedy upper classes and consumer culture and capitalism. This sort of ideology seems to strike a chord with a lot of people and is probably at least partially why some of your friends like him.
Simpler version, baseball comparitive It's like baseball with two bases. There are two batters on the field at one time from one team and the whole of the opposition's team are fielding. Scoring: In order to score, a batter must hit the ball far enough away to buy time so each batter can run from their 'base' (called a wicket) to the other base. This scores one run. They can run as many times as they want after they hit the ball but they run the risk of getting put out (I'll explain getting people out later). If you manage to score a 'home run' (ie, hit the ball out of the field without it hitting the ground) you get an automatic 6 runs. If you get a 'home run' but it hits the ground before it hits the boundry of the field, you score an automatic 4 runs. Getting put out: A batter can be put out a number of ways. Firstly, you can be bowled out. If the bowler (pitcher) manages to toss the ball and hit the sticks (the base/wicket) behind the batter, the batter's out. It's like three strikes and you're out, except it's one strike instant death.
Publishers can make money from libraries, but it differs depending on what type of material we're talking about. Libraries purchase material from publishers just like anyone else. Be it physical books, ebooks, newspapers, journals, or electronic subscriptions to databases. The difference is libraries get a lot of use out of physical books. A library will purchase 5 copies of a book, and those 5 copies will ultimately be used by thousands a hundred or so patrons. The downside for the publisher is that those are customers not purchasing their book at the store. But I think plenty of people still purchase books at traditional book stores. If a library only has two copies of a new release, do you want to wait in a queue of 50 patrons to get it? Or would you rather eat the $20 and get it immediately? Plenty of people still make the choice to purchase it directly. Publishers of electronic databases do make a profit from library subscriptions. For example, a University library will subscribe to databases of scholarly journals which library patrons (students, faculty) use for research. Subscriptions to these databases are expensive, sometimes occupying 60-70% of a library's acquisition budget. But they are necessary, so libraries spend the money. This is an interesting topic for libraries when it comes to ebooks. Publishers are trying to set limits on how many times a library can circulate an ebook. If I purchase as an ebook, the publisher may tell me I can only circulate the ebook version to 20-30 patrons before I have to pay again. As pointed out, the publisher can delete the ebook any time they want. Libraries have to pay more for ebooks, but users want ebooks, so we're forced to spend the money.
A concept closely related to this question that I feel is worth explaining is [bootstrapping](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bootstrapping_(compilers)). We start with a computer that can read machine code, instructions in the form of ones and zeros. You write programs directly in the machine code. Old magazines often had program listings for you to type in, in hexadecimal code (hexadecimal has 16 different "numbers," each equivalent to a unique 4-bit binary sequence. e.g. the sequence 1010 is represented by an 'A'. 1011 is a 'B'). Writing code this way is rather difficult, so assembly language was invented. The structure was the same as machine code, but mnemonics were invented for each instruction, like ADD, MOV, and SUB. Of course, the computer cannot execute assembly, so a program was written to translate assembly into machine code, called an assembler. So now we can write our programs in assembly, have them translated by the assembler and all is good and jolly in the programming world.
Hey, thanks for your concern. We as mods have decided that our community as a whole should decide what's "complicated" and what isn't. The idea of what's "complicated" and requires a simplified answer gets into way-too-subjective territory for us as just a handful of mods. There are countless examples of questions I personally may have considered "simple" on their face, then turned into some of our best posts. As with most things Reddit, I urge you (and the rest of the community) to downvote and move on if you see a post you feel doesn't belong here. That -- not overaggressive and megalomaniacal moderation -- is the way we're going to get the best possible community here. If you'd like to discuss this further, feel free to PM me anytime! Edit: Also, just as a heads-up: We made a post a few months ago saying that we'd be removing meta posts like this about the nature of ELI5 (we were just getting too many of them.) So we'll leave this up for a day or so, because I think community discussion is good, but after that we'll be taking it down based on this previous announcement. Until then, please use this space to let us know what you would like from us as a mod staff so that we may better help facilitate the community you'd like to see. Thanks so much for being part of ELI5!
The LI5 version: There are two types of chemical reactions, those that require heat to work and others that give off heat as they work. When you set fire to a piece of wood, the wood starts to react to the air around it. This reaction gives off an immense amount of heat that causes the gasses in the air to glow. These glowing gasses are what we call fire, or flames. There's a lot of different things that will make a flame look the way it does, a couple of these things are heat, how much air there is to burn, and what is being burnt. Some metals will cause a green fire when burnt (copper) while others create a very bright white flame than can hurt your eyes if you stare at it (magnesium) The LI12 version: Little bit more complicated, fire is actually the product of what we call oxidation, or the material being burnt reacting to the oxygen in the air we breathe. picture this, You've got ball you've made out of Lego blocks, if you pick it up and shake it, it will fall apart, blocks will fall off it. That's what happens to the wood when you set fire to it, but the 'blocks' will stick to other blocks in the air and form ash (the white stuff that's left after a wood fire)
Back in the days, when laptops were not used for live performances, the main task for a DJ was basically to beatmatch 2 tracks. This was done by listening to the track you want to play next on your headphones and concentrate on the beat to get an approximation on the bpm (beats per minutes). Now you check out the track that is currently playing and do the same. If you're really good at bpm counting you can get a pretty precise result that is +/-1 of the exact bpm the track really is. All these information tell you which track is slower and which one is faster. Now you either fade in the song that is currently playing to your headphones or just slide one side of the headphone off of an ear and listen to the speakers. The tricky part is to pitch THE NEXT TRACK (you will never want to pitch the current track, because the audience would hear it) so it aligns with the current track playing. Once the beats are matching (meaning: there is no stuttering, or the beats don't sound like a "horse-gallop") you need to keep listening to this for some more and hear if the tracks stay beatmatched. This is often not the case, especially at the beginning of this process. If you hear the tracks not aligning anymore, you need to repitch (run slowlier/faster) the next track. Think of 2 marathon-athletes: The guy in the lead is running slowlier than the guy behind him. Naturally, the guy behind him overtakes him. At the moment where he's overtaking him they are "beatmatched". Now: if they would run the same speed, they'd run next to each other (beatmatched) forever, but since one guy is faster, he will overtake the guy in the lead and start running in front of him. To make them run next to each other again we'd have to tell the guy now in the lead to run slowlier, or the guy now behind to run faster.
To cats, petting feels like grooming. Cats groom by licking themselves to stay clean, they self-groom to comfort themselves when they're upset (displacement grooming), and they also groom each other as social contact. Cats aren't pack animals like dogs, but they are still social creatures. Mother cats groom their kittens, and friendly cats will groom each other to bond—especially nice-feeling because they can wash the other cat's head/neck/ears, which are very hard to lick clean properly on your own body! (A lone cat will lick a paw and use it as a face washcloth.) The mutual grooming also mingles the cats' scent, which makes them feel comfortable; "This is my space / my community, we smell like each other." So to a human-friendly cat, being stroked/petted by a friendly human: reminds the cat of being groomed soothingly by its mother; mimics social grooming and gives the cat a nice scratch on itchy head-places it can't reach; and spreads the cat's scent on you & vice versa, putting you together as a community. Note that petting the cat doesn't really properly clean it and leaves human skin oil all over the fur, which is why a cat will go into ecstasies at being petted and then promptly lick smooth all the fur that hands touched. This is also why cats hate being stroked against the fur "grain." Also also, when a cat really likes you, it may return the grooming favor, with its rough sandpapery tongue on your tender skin. Ouch!
Wikipedia has a List of Country-name Etymologies, several cases emerge: "Evolution" of names given by older civilizations to certain Territories (Hispania via Roman Empire for Spain, Cipangu via China for Japan) This is the most common thing going on, older tribes that later formed a country gave a certain name to some other tribe or group, which then evolved into that country's name for the other. Literal Translation from Language to Language (Reino Unido for United Kingdom in Spanish) "Land of (tribe or group)" formula (Kazakhstan, Deutschland, Mongolia) Names describing what it is, or what once was, found there. (Cameroon, Honduras, Ivory Coast) Most names go through certain transformation to make it more easy to say or write. EDIT: As gggrrrreaaat points out: Some are "straight-up political, like how the Palestinian National Authority is just called "Palestine" by Palestinians or how Taiwan calls itself the Republic of China but is called Taipei whenever the Democratic People's Republic of China has a say."
This is certainly not the case with all foods, but I think there's a few things at play here. Disclaimer: I'm no doctor: Eating gets your digestive system going in general. I'm not an expert, and couldn't find anything about this in a quick search on Wikipedia. But anecdotally, I think this rings true / is generally accepted. This means if anything you eat manages to sneak through via #2 and #3, it's more likely to come out shortly after you've eaten (and thus seem like 'it went right through you'). 1.5) I'd wager that you're not having Taco Bell for breakfast, but rather, more mild food. Probabilistically, most of these big Taco Bell, Chinese Take-out, etc meals center in one 6ish hour period around lunch and dinner. Since the bulk of your food intake is around this time window, that all comes out centered in a similarly-sized window of time. In other words, if you graphed all peoples' pooping times, they're not equally likely to poop at all times in the day. You're likely to eat an abnormal meal and then around the same time, poop something else out. 2) 24-72hrs is an average, and it's the solid matter that takes the most time to break down. Liquids can go through more quickly, and can more readily seep through the various 'blockers' your digestive system sets up to compartmentalize itself (like the sphincter between stomach and small intestine). Hot sauces especially (chile oils for instance) are good at this, since they can also irritate those 'blockers'. So when #1/1.5 happens, some parts of what you recently ate can already be close to the finish line.
The Poincaré Conjecture. Whoo boy. This one's rough. I only understand three of the millenium prize problems, and this is the one that takes the most background info. I'll try to be as non-rigorous and quick about it as possible. I. Euclidean Spaces I assume you've heard of some of the following concepts: points, lines, planes, space. These are the "Euclidean spaces" in 0 dimensions, 1 dimension, 2 dimensions, and 3 dimensions respectively. What does that mean? The dimension of a space is the fewest number of directions you need to get anywhere. In a plane, you can get anywhere by going in the east-west direction a bit and then north-south a bit. In space you need to add in up-down. On a line, you only need east-west. On a point, well, you don't need anything at all. Good? Good. So why are they Euclidean? That just means they're not curved and they have no holes. Not curved means if you walk in a line you'll never get back home. A sphere is curved. If you walk in a line, you'll get back home. No holes means any roundtrip path you take can be shrunk down progressively smaller until it becomes a point. Why? Well, if you tore a hole through a piece of paper and made a looping path around it, you could shrink it and shrink it all you wanted, but you wouldn't be able to make it a point without hopping over the hole.
Honestly, it's because people are largely unaware of what the Affordable Care Act (ACA) actually says. Most people can tell you the talking points but can't say what provisions in the law they actually disagree with. I just happened to take a health law course last spring to fill in my schedule; I attend a law school that isn't Ivy League by any stretch of the imagination but oddly has one of the top-ranked health law programs in the country. Based on the timing, a huge portion of the course was dedicated to the ACA. Let me tell you, I would not know anything about what that law says if I hadn't taken that class. I was really shocked because I realized that I hadn't heard anything accurate about it up to that point, and I'm pretty well-informed. There has been virtually no effort to educate the public about what the ACA does and how it will affect the average "Joe Everyman" taxpayer and I really don't understand why. So without actual information to go on, people have determined that they're for or against it based on which way they lean politically. You can't blame them; what the hell else are they supposed to do? I actually tested it out this summer when I went to visit family. My dad's side of the family is strongly Republican, lots of veterans and cops (and fiercely proud of it), very religious, and very anti-Obama for the most part. I knew the ACA would come up because the Supreme Court decision was going to be released any day, and decided to test this out. When people started talking about it, I put out my "hypothetical" version of healthcare as an example of what the compromise should look like. And I just rattled off provisions of the ACA. The reaction was universally positive; people "my" ideas and were sitting there bitching about why we had to have Obamacare instead of a great plan like that. You should have seen their faces when I told them the good news that my plan was actually the one being implemented. In the past couple months, the few family members I've actually heard from since then have told me they're really angry about being misled and misinformed about the law before I had said anything.
Unix is an operating system that was originally created at Bell Labs in the late 1960s/early '70s. In the '70s and '80s it became very popular, and various derivative versions were made - some by commercial companies. In the early 1990s, Linus Torvalds created Linux while he was at university in Helsinki. Linux isn't based on Unix, but is more like a clone or remake. So to the user it mostly behaves the same as Unix, although technically it isn't derived from Unix. Linus wanted there to be a free version of Unix that could be used on PCs (at the time most versions of Unix cost money and required expensive computers). It became very popular, other people contributed code to it and it is now one of the most-used operating systems in the world. Linux itself is just a kernel. The kernel is the core of the operating system - it "sets the stage" on which everything else runs. The complete system is often referred to as "Linux", but it's actually Linux plus a whole load of different pieces of software from different projects. There are many different Linux distributions (or distros). A distro takes all of these different components and assembles them into a complete system that you can install on your computer. Although the end result is usually largely the same, different distros do things in slightly different ways. Ubuntu is one example of a distro. Others would be Debian, Fedora, Gentoo, etc.
I can give you a very basic overview. First off, you have the Dungeon Master. He's the person who creates the world and makes all the big decisions. Everybody else creates a character. The Dungeon Master begins weaving the story, explaining to the characters where they are and what their goal is- a good DM will do this with lots of enthusiasm and flair! The characters then make their own choices based on their religion, their background, and their skills. For example- a Human who hates Orcs would never say, "I love Orcs! Let's be friends with this Orc!" Instead, they'd be more likely to say, "Kill the Orc!! I hate that guy!" Apart from the storytelling and role playing, there is combat. Whenever you come across a bad guy on your journey, the DM has created a character for him and will control him. If you decide to attack the bad guy, you must roll the dice a few times. The first time is to figure out who gets to attack first- this can be a big factor in who wins a battle. The second dice roll is to determine whether you hit him or not- if you roll below a certain number (which the DM knows but you do not), then you miss. If you roll a 1, that is a critical failure and commonly ends with you breaking your weapon or hurting yourself. Conversely, if you roll a 20, that's a critical hit and you get to do extra damage!
Chromosomes are funny blob-shaped things that are too small for us to see and they contain all your genes. Genes are basically sets of instructions that tell your body how to grow and work properly. Every normal person has 23 pairs of chromosomes. Each pair should normally be a matching copy (excepting X and Y chromosomes - i'll explain this later). When a mommy and daddy have had sex and create a baby inside the mommy's womb, sometimes a mistake happens. It is nobody's fault, but the new baby has 3 copies of chromosome number 21 instead of just 2 copies like a normal person would. This means the new baby's body gets the wrong instructions on how to grow, and so it grows into a funny shape. The genes that tell a person's face what shape it will be are messed up and that's why most people with Down Syndrome have strange looking faces. The extra chromosome also makes the Down Syndrome person's brain grow funny, which is why Down Syndrome people are usually not as smart as other people. Now you might be wondering why boys and girls are different if everyone has the same 23 pairs of chromosomes. The answer is that everyone doesn't. Girls have two "X" chromosomes (they are called that because they look like the letter X). But boys are different - instead of having two X chromosomes, they have an X and a chromosome. It is this Y chromosome that contains all the instructions to tell their body how to become a boy's body.
I remember reading one of these conspiracy sites. They basically point out a lot of weird things about the photos and footage from the moon landing, and use that to say they must be fake photos and video. They're all reasonable mistakes to make, I'll go through the ones I remember. "The flag is waving, when there's no atmosphere, so it must be on earth". That would be a problem, but the flag only moves around in the video of them actually sticking it into the ground. They are wiggling the pole around to get it to stick, so the flag moves. Once they leave it alone the flag stops moving. "Astronauts look too well lit from all around, so there must be a lighting rig". With no atmosphere, the sunlight is very bright on the moon, and the lunar surface reflects a lot of light. "Some of the shadows are in different directions, so lighting rig". Shadows on different slopes appear to go in different directions. Examples given are all at the edges of craters etc., the shadows make sense for the shape of the ground there "The little X markers on the camera are sometimes partially obscured, therefore incredibly sloppy photo editing". In the examples, the objects 'covering' the Xes are always white objects in direct sunlight, which would be so bright as to 'white out' the little markings on the camera.
Usenet is well explained in prior posts so let me tell you a bit about how it's different from torrents. Usenet is a lot of things so I'll just focus on the part thats relevant when compared to torrents. Downloading As you probably know, to download something with torrents you need a program called a "Bittorrent client" and a place to find the torrent files which points to the files you want to download. Usenet downloading is pretty much identical when it comes to this, you need a program to download files and a place to get the files which point to what you want to download. The difference here is that you need a program made for Usenet and not bittorrent and you need files called nzb files rather than torrents. How the files are downloaded is also a bit different. When you use bittorrent you are connecting to many other bittorrent users and downloading the files you want from them. At the same time you also share the pieces of the files with others, this means you both download and upload the files you are getting at the same time, everyone helps each other to complete the downloads. Someone also needs to have the complete original file and be sharing it in order for you to be able to get it.
There are these things running through your body called 'nerves'. When something is affecting you (heat, cold, pain, itching, anything at all), a thing in your skin called a 'receptor' recognises it. It wants to tell your brain what is going on, and it does this by sending a message through the nerves to the brain. If you're sitting in a certain position for a long time, you can put pressure on a nerve that supplies part of your leg. Since the nerve is all squished, the information transmitted from the body part becomes all jumbled up, and the messages it sends to the brain becomes strange and confusing to interpret. Some nerves may not transmit any information at all! Other nerves may start to send messages erratically and randomly! This is what causes you to feel the pins and needles "tingling" sensation. EDIT: Thanks for all the interesting replies to my comment, lots of cool stuff to read :). Obviously there is a lot more depth to this than what I replied with, but i just tried to keep it as simple and compact as possible. I kinda just lumped the tingling/pins and needles you get with the numbness/falling asleep, because I'm not actually sure what happens! I'm only a medical student, and I'm replying on the basis of what a lecturer mentioned randomly for 15 seconds. I'm sure people doing degrees in neuroscience or something like that would have a more accurate answer to give.
The simple answer that I expected to see and haven't is this: The main consequence would be that one of the important things we think we know about how the universe works isn't always true. For something to compare that's more accessible than relativity, think about how we accept gravity. We don't know exactly how gravity works, but so far as we know, everything falls down, and nothing ever falls up. The idea that things always fall down is built into the way scientists think about the universe. If scientists can confirm that some particles actually do move faster than the speed of light, it would be like discovering that in some very unusual circumstances you can let go of an object and it will fall up. At that point, two important things would start happening: some scientists would work to figure out exactly under what conditions things fall up instead of down, so as to better understand how gravity works, while others would go to work re-examining existing scientific theories that depended on the assumption that everything falls down, and begin revising them to account for those few things that fall up. Together they would build a more accurate model of how the universe works. As for what new technologies might arise from this, we can't know that until scientists work out the theories. Not to be a downer, but the most likely outcome is that the effect won't be reproduced, or that the scientists made a mistake they haven't noticed yet. If the results can be confirmed, then the next most likely outcome is that it will be an interesting but very limited phenomenon that has little practical value. But there is a chance that this one discovery will lead to an avalanche of other discoveries that completely reshape how we think about the universe and lead to changes in our civilization that we cannot even imagine yet.
Just like other have said, the original film is actually much higher quality than what we consider HD. Think of the actual original film roll as the master print, the highest visual quality rendition of the movie that exists ANYWHERE. Now its only when we try to copy this master print that the quality decreases because of technology limits. At first we copied it to VHS, then to DVD (yes I know I'm missing some stuff like laser disk but bear with me) and now we are putting it on a bluray disk and player. Its like taking a picture of the Sistine chapel with your old cell phone camera, then later coming back and taking a picture of it with our brand spanking new Canon DLSR camera. The quality is much better, but still not as good as seeing it in person. As our disk and player tech continue to improve, we will continue to approach the level of resolution of the original master print. That's why for now we are at 1080, but in the future will have even higher resolutions! Hope that helped explain it some!
Reddit was started by two guys out of college (Kn0thing and Spez, if you want to check their user pages) using seed money and guidance from a guy called Paul Graham, who made millions off of Yahoo! stock in the late 90's. Now he devotes his time to finding internet startups to micro-invest in, and training the people they choose for success. Therefore, the original reddit was mostly populated by young white male programmer types (people in Grahams network). Actually, the reddit guys made Graham a "hacker news" site which still resembles the original reddit in demographics. Originally, the idea was 1) people submit links and others vote on them, to create a "front page of the internet", and 2) Your votes would create a special, customized page of "recommended" links just for you. That second goal turned out to be a lot harder than it sounds and eventually fell to the wayside, to the point that there isn't even a "recommended" button on the page anymore. I don't think the original site even had a comments section at first. At first the site was overshadowed by Digg.com, which had beat them to launch by a few months, and for years it was seen (unfairly) as a digg clone with a simpler, cruder appearance. There actually used to be a pretty bitter rivalry, at least on reddit's side.
Every commercial product with a lithium-ion battery has a battery protection printed circuit board (PCB) attached to the battery. This PCB is sometimes called a BMU or battery management unit. Not always, but sometimes - the BMU has an integrated circuit (chip) on board that is responsible for tracking state of charge (SOC) of the battery. Such a chip is usually called a "gas gauge" which is (I suppose) inspired by the "gas gauge" of a car. When your device says you have 94% battery left, that is usually reported straight from the gas gauge chip. The most well-known supplier of lithium-ion battery protection chips and gas gauge circuits is Texas Instruments. From one of TI's datasheets: The key to the bq34z100 device’s high-accuracy gas gauging prediction is Texas Instrument’s proprietary Impedance Track algorithm. This algorithm uses voltage measurements, characteristics, and properties to create state-of-charge predictions that can achieve accuracy with as little as 1% error across a wide variety of operating conditions. It's not a straight up voltage measurement (sorry Bmansk8s, you are not entirely correct), but some kind of algorithm that was designed by the chip maker. Voltage is important, but it's not the best or only indicator of state of charge. In TI's Impedance Track technology the state of charge estimates are improved over time (the algorithm is self-learning). You can train the gas gauge when you do a few full charge/discharge cycles of the battery. There is no electrochemical reason to fully discharge your lithium-ion battery but your device can never truly "know" how much charge is left unless you drain it down all the way. Doing so helps the device make a better prediction on later charge/discharge cycles.
Photo Retoucher here: Colorizing pictures is literally like a coloring book. You pick your color, and color in the area you want. Photoshop then has multiple options to allow the black and white to show as well, which gives you all your lines and shades. So instead of coloring over a photo of a rose and getting simply "red", photoshop will allow the original picture to show as well, so you get black and white petals with red coloring. Where the tricky parts come in is black and white photos often don't portray the subtle color differences. All b/w can portray is how dark or light something was. So if I color a face some sort of flesh color, it won't catch the red in the cheeks, the pink of the lips, discoloration, etc. Just "darker here, lighter here". This makes colorizing look a little fake, faded, distorted, old, etc. From there it takes some imagination and experimentation. "add a bit of red to the cheeks" "add less color here, more color there" etc. Whole process depends on what you're working on and how much trouble you're having making it look natural. Figure 10 minutes to an hour, unless you're working on something either really large, really detailed, or really difficult Here's a video:
First, a little bit of background. Say you have a little country of your own, off on an island someplace. You and a few hundred friends, let's say it is. You have a government — monarchy, republic, whatever; doesn't matter. That government has a treasury, but the treasury has no money in it. Which is fine … so long as you don't actually want your government to do anything. If you just want to be able to say you have a government, knock yourself out; nobody can stop you. But as soon as you want that government to do stuff — like hiring police officers, or raising an army — you need money in your treasury. The way this works is simple: Your treasury issues bonds. A bond is sort of like a very ritualized type of loan. You sell bonds with the promise to, after a set amount of time, buy them back for more than what you sold them for. So say you could sell a bond for $100, with the promise to buy it back in a year for $110. The difference between how much you promise to buy the bond back for and how much it sells for, expressed as a percentage, is called the interest, and the date on which you promise to buy it back is called the maturity. Who buys bonds? Who cares? Literally anybody with money can buy these bonds. Maybe those are private citizens in your country, maybe it's your central bank (that's how you money in your economy in the first place), or maybe it's private citizens or other concerns in other countries. Point is, you offer the bonds for sale, and people agree to buy them. Thus do you get money in your treasury.
Humanity has observed the world and made many conclusions about how things work. There are fundamental rules and laws of nature. Like gravity and mass and velocity. Well, some people realized that the smaller things are, the more our fundamental rules fall apart. On the quantum level, and that is really tiny, things work a little different than we are used too. Look at a light switch, like the one in your room. At any moment in time, that light switch is in one of two possible states: off or on. Now let's bring that light switch down to the quantum level. Well, first, it's now really very small and we cannot actually see it. But, we can move stuff around and kinda figure out what state the light switch is in. And this is where it gets confusing, because the light switch is behaving as if it is actually a combination of both off and on, not only one if them like we are used too. And that doesn't make sense, so it's time to break out a super magnifying glass and take a look to see if that light switch is actually on or off. And after repeating these experiments and observing many tiny lightswitchs, scientists figured out that merely observing the quantum particles has an affect on them, effectively forcing the state to be one or the other instead of a combination of both.
Two reasons: They took the position that government is not and cannot be the solution of the problems we face today, ironically a claim the Right has made for decades. They rejected "the establishment" and believed in social upheaval, not political reform. This - as the 1960s counterculture movement would prove - is very difficult for multiple reasons. For the reasons stated above, they refused to get involved in the political process. I remember what I suppose you could call a splinter group trying to organize a "Congress" of Occupy representatives to meet and draft a platform. Occupy Wall Street rejected this plan and did not endorse any such attempts. In what I believe was its key downfall, they silenced any who desired efforts to draft a formal agenda and list of demands. While there were many undertones that nearly all of the protestors shared in common - specifically the reversal of Citizens United and calls for public campaign financing - they didn't make use of their attention as well as they could've. In addition, their rhetorical focus turned to very poor subjects, namely police brutality. While many Occupy protests did face unjust treatment by police, making anti-police sentiment the focal point of their efforts was in my opinion, a move that isolated many of the people who aligned with their initial cause. Occupy was about income inequality and financial injustice, issues that effected the entire population. Police brutality, on the other hand, did not.
Former russki here. There are three main reasons why Russia is homophobic. Russia is a country far from the forefront of modern psychology. It has historically viewed homosexuality to be a psychological problem, akin to disease. Russian mentality would dictate its easier to "lock these people up" than to unleash them into society. The mentality is deeply ingrained into the culture and language of Russia. Expressions such as, "йти в сумасшедший дом!" (get to a crazy house!) are very common and belittling when someone says something eccentric. This mentality creates a massive stigma against seeking help for psychological problems. It creates a culture of misunderstanding for the general populous, and a culture of fear for homosexuals. World War 2. The Soviet Union lost 30% of its population due to World War 2 and suffered the heaviest causulties. It's so bad that to this day, Belarus has never fully recovered. As part of a mass nationalistic campaign, citizens were encouraged to make BABIES for the good of the homeland! Homosexuals, not being able to reproduce, were seen as enemies of the state. General ignorance. Outside of Moscow, Saint Petersburg and Novosibirsk - the HDI of Russia is on par with rural Mississippi. Isolation, poor education, poor access to information, poor , etc, etc. This is a recipe for ignorance.
That's mainly cause Youtube does throttle the speed at which you can download the videos. For example, let's say you want to watch a video that lasts 60 seconds at 360p (roughly 500kbps). I don't know the exact algorithm, but from my observation it goes something like this: At the moment you press play, the player gives you the first 10 seconds (or so) at full speed. If your connection is 20mbit, that means you'll get it in a couple of seconds, perhaps 3 seconds tops. Subsequently, if your download speed allows it, you'll keep getting chunks of 10s every now and then as you play the video (usually happens before you reach the difference between the time you took to download the first 10 seconds, and the time before you reach that threshold, which in this case is 3 seconds, so it should happen around 5 or 4 seconds before those 10 seconds end). If your connection does not allow to download the video as fast as the first 10 seconds, you get smaller chunks of the video, say 2s every second or so. The previous method keeps going until you've fully downloaded the entirety of the video. Now, that's what ideally should happen, the problem is Youtube is likely to get a bit saturated every now and then. When that happens the player stops giving you the 10s at full speed, and instead gives you the 2 or 3 seconds I described in the last 2 steps, and waits for the buffer to fill (which should be roughly 10s). So, in order for the service to be "acceptable" for everybody that's connecting at the same time, Youtube throttles its speed, allowing many people to use the service concurrently.
With the release of Internet Explorer 9, IE has made huge strides forward, but still lacks behind Firefox and Google Chrome. Rendering: Websites are written in a special language called HTML. This language has rules, such as what words are allowed and how to display those words. These rules are created and maintained by a neutral organization called the W3C, or the World Wide Web Consortium. Now, web browsers are supposed to listen to the rules created by the W3C, so a website will look the same in every browser. Unfortunately, Internet Explorer 6 & 7 (being the worst offenders) often don't listen to the rules created by the W3C. This means a website that is correctly written looks proper in browsers like Firefox and Google Chrome because those browsers listen to the rules, but not in IE6 or IE7. This means that the people building sites either can't use certain words because IE won't understand them even though they are right, or they have to use words that only IE understands which means the language is no longer "right". Internet Explorer will also sometimes see a word but use an incorrect definition of the word. You tell it to walk left, and it will run backwards.
Let me run you through a day in the life of my personal brand of schizophrenia: 7:00 am: Wake up and lay in bed for awhile. Although I live alone, I hear footsteps throughout my apartment. I start wondering whether someone broke in during the night, so I get up to check the lock. Not only is the dead bolt still latched, but the chain is also still in tact; however, the footsteps are still in the kitchen, and I have to check the door and whole apartment at least three more times be sure I'm alone. 7:30 am: I'm taking a nice hot bath, but, as the water is running, I hear a conversation happening just outside the door. I know no one is there because I've checked the door, but I can't help but hear a few people debating about the use of leather vs. cloth seats in cars. I dip my head under the water and try to ignore what's not there. 8:00 am: Is there something crawling on my leg? When I look down to inspect, there's nothing. This will happen at least once every half hour throughout the day, so I won't continue mentioning it. 9:00 am: I'm eating breakfast, and I taste metal when I'm eating my toast, so much so that I can't finish my food. 10:00 am: I'm walking to campus, and the way gravity is pulling me goes from under my feet to slightly off-kilter to the right. I feel like I'm going to fall over because something is pulling me that way, so I need to sit down and wait out my equilibrium resetting itself with my head in my hands to keep myself from puking from the dizziness.
The country has been ruled for decades by a military dictatorship run by a minority Islamic sect, the Alawites. Up until fairly recently, they've been brutal and repressive, but not especially incompetent. One of their chief advantages is that the substantial Christian minorities of Syria have backed them, because they feel that if a regime representing the large Sunni Muslim majority takes over, the Christians are going to become oppressed the way they are in Egypt. Also, the regime receives substantial support from Shi'ite Iran, who wants to counterbalance the Sunni regimes in the rest of the Middle East, and from China and especially Russia, for various geopolitical reasons. Dictator Hafez al-Asad died in 2000. The son who was the heir apparent was killed in a car crash, so second son and weak-chinned douchebag Bashshar, who went to medical school in London, is given the job. For most of the 2000s, he tries to implement some gradual and mostly token reforms. Fast-forward to 2011 Arab Spring protests. Syrian government badly overreacts to these, killing protestors in ways guaranteed to inflame the mushy middle. They're especially bad toward journalists, and Sunni-run Al Jazeera takes great glee in endlessly replaying shitty cell-phone videos of Syrian troops doing awful things to first civilian protestors, then rebel soldiers. Country's Internet is cut off. Hundreds of thousands flee, mostly to Turkey, who for historical reasons doesn't much care for the Syrian regime.
Romanian here. My grandparents and parents lived in communism for a long time, and the answer why they revolted so late is this: 1) lacking transparency of information and 2) fear of being reported Information: In Romania, the revolution was mostly possible because of radio-frequencies that allowed the people to receive radio signals from other countries - illegally, of course. This way people found out when a city in the country was in turmoil. Were it not for the illegal radio receptions, most people would have never known about revolts going on, and the spark can never become a flame that way. This is about the same thing going on in North Korea right now, except they seem to be doing it more efficiently, so people over there: don't know when a riot starts in another city, so they cannot possibly coordinate themselves and many have no idea what the world outside of korea looks like, and if the system has any resemblence to the Romanian communism (which it has), then the only thing they get to see regarding capitalism are shocking news about riots, revolts, hunger, financial crisis, terrorist attacks and similar stories. So for many of those people, Korea seems a much safer place than the bad bad capitalism. They think the world outside has a harsh life indeed. My mom always tells me stories about how she always thought all the beautiful pictures that she got to see from "outside" where faked. For example, we managed to get a catalogue from a German company (OTTO or Neckermann or something of the sort), and it contained pictures of the Alps and beautiful houses with flower pots. (If you're wondering, people were allowed to go to other communist countries, and some were even allowed to go to East Germany, which was also -more modestly- communist at the time, so I guess that's how the catalogue got to us, but I'm not sure). So there were these beautiful pictoresque pictures and everybody was absolutely convinced that they were faked, just like many positive stories of Romania were faked. For example, when Ceausescu (the dictator) drove through a city, school children were forced to go and tie apples to the empty apple trees, so they looked full and fertil;. Shop windows were suddenly full with food and stuff for a day, and so on and so forth. In a nutshell: Those korean people can only believe what they see and hear, and it's usually not much except for their miserable life there, which they take for granted.
This has been asked several times, and as I understand it, the search used to be much, much worse. Search engines operate using an algorithm, which is basically a set of instructions. Sites like Google and Bing have very good algorithms because they have teams of smart people working on developing and updating them. Because the companies pay lots of money to develop the search algorithm, they usually don't let other people look at them and copy them. (Google's algorithm is not a secret, but it is patented, so it would be illegal for Reddit to simply copy it and start using it.) Reddit on the other hand is relatively small in terms of employees and doesn't have as much money to spend on developing their own algorithm. Therefore the one they have works, but is not as good as one that a large team of well paid people develops. A nifty trick is using Google's own algorithm to search Reddit! Simply Google search: site:reddit.com whatever you want to find. You can narrow the search down by putting quotes around the term you want and by specifying the site search parameter to the subreddit (ex. site:reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive "reddit search function")
This is long, but I tried to keep it as simple as possible. TL;DR is outside influence, the ineffectiveness of exporting ressources as a source of money, mad men in power, war. There are, of course, many many reasons for this. Let's get one thing out of the way from the start: what you see on TV is most likely not what Africa is actually like. Some parts are better, and others worse. It may surprise you that almost every African capital city has a business district with tall buildings, fairly well looked-after roads, where everyone has a mobile phone, well-off districts etc etc. The entire continent is note made of dirt, it isn't in the news because no one is interested in the normal stuff. What Africa is missing, in the opinion of many, is an industrial sector that actually uses the many ressources that they have and adds value to them. Gold, diamonds, metals of all sorts bring untold riches to SOME, but not to many thanks to corruption and war, and they always immediately leave the country. The Gold mined in Ghana might, for example, be sent to Switzerland, where they purify it and re-sell it as high-carat gold. This is worth a LOT more. The Ghanaians will get at most 10% of the final selling price. A Chinese factory might buy lots of copper from Zimbabwe, but then THEY are the ones who will turn it into wires. Again, the Zimbabweans won't get a high percentage, and those who do will keep it.
Like You're Five: Let's say that you live in a neighborhood with a lot of big lawns that need mowing. Most people will pay a neighborhood kid to mow their lawn, say $10. A new family moves in, and they have a couple of kids. The new family's older brother goes around and promises to mow lawns for $5, and everybody signs up. Instead of mowing the lawn himself, he makes his little brother do it for $3. The little brother doesn't do a very good job, but enough people like the savings that they keep using them. Eventually, the older brother hires more kids at $3 an hour to keep up with demand. So, what happens? Most of the kids who were doing a good job for $10 are out of business. The little kids are hardly making any money, so they doesn't get as many comics, snacks or toys as the other kids, even though the same amount of work is getting done. The neighborhood looks kind of shabby, because everyone is going with the cheap service instead of the nice one. Is this a problem? Well, it kind of depends on who you are: Are you one of the people who own a house and want the cheaper, "good enough" lawn mow? Are you one of the kids who thought they were worth $10 and now have to find a new job? Are you one of the kids who are mowing lawns for $3? Everybody has a different perspective.
What makes the three of them the most important figures in classical music is what they accomplished. Bach was a genius. He perfected baroque music. He did things that composers today struggle to create, such as a six-part fugue. There's a sort of mathematical symmetry present in Bach's music that is absolute genius. His music still sounds progressive today for some odd reason. A good example is Stokowski's orchestration of Pasacaglia and Fugue in c minor. Mozart pioneered many subgenres of classical music. He wrote 40 symphonies, 44 concertos, 20 operas, hundreds of compositions for chamber ensembles, and a pretty amazing requiem. He had a massive output of compositions from the time he was a young child until his death. Beethoven helped pave the way for the romantic period. You can hear a stark contrast between Beethoven's symphonies and Mozart's, for example. Beethoven added a sense of expression to classical music that had never been heard before. This all being said, I hardly ever listen to the three composers, because I feel as though there are much more interesting compositions in the classical repertoire, such as music by Mahler, Shostakovich, etc. Nonetheless, Bach, Mozart, and Beethoven had a substantial effect on classical music. Composers, critics, and audiences alike still adore the compositions of the three to this day. I guess you can say they are so important because their compositions have stood the test of time.
Sound is made up of various frequencies. The lower frequencies correspond with stuff like bass and midbass, the middle frequencies are just that, "mids", and the higher frequencies are your higher treble notes. The numbers on your equalizer correspond with specific frequencies, and by adjusting the slider up or down, you can adjust the particular volume of a given frequency. Usually the equalizer will make a smooth transition between two frequencies for simplicity's sake (so you don't have one for every 10Hz or something). The reason for having equalizers is just that -- to "equalize" the sound coming from your speakers or headphones. As a result of the way they're designed and manufactured, speakers can vary wildly in how powerful they are in certain frequencies. Smaller speakers are better with higher frequencies, and bigger speakers are better with lower frequencies. What this means is that, if you were to run through a frequency range, certain ones would be louder or quieter than others. What and equalizer does is allow you to modify these frequencies before they make it to your speakers, to try and keep your spectrum flat.
Edit: Warning: I am not a doctor or a pharmacist. I researched everything I wrote before I wrote it, but I am not a medical expert, and nothing I say could replace the advice of a real doctor or pharmacist. I just have a non-medical life sciences background and a lot of experience translating medical-speak into English. As chippeh said, advil is the brand name for ibuprofen, and they are the same. I'll translate the drug speak into plain English, but I'd like to include it so you know what it means when you see it again. Ibuprofen (name brand Advil/Motrin): Its primary use is to reduce swelling and inflammation (it's a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, NSAID). It's really good at this. It's also used for menstrual pain. Acetaminophen aka paracetamol (name brand Tylenol): It's an pain-reducer (analgesic) and reduces fever (antipyretic). It also reduces swelling (anti-inflammatory), but not very strongly. Others have suggested I shouldn't even mention this, because the anti-inflammatory properties aren't enough to be effective if you take it for that. Extremely important warning: Overdosing or extended use of tylenol wrecks your liver and is a major cause of liver failure in the developed world. Never ever take more than the bottle says to.
All day, you breathe air in and out. This is to get yourself oxygen, a type of atom which is very important to have. Your body needs oxygen because of one thing oxygen has, that not many other atoms have. Oxygen is very sticky. It's one of the stickiest atoms there are. Oxygen likes to stick to stuff because of it's "electronegativity", and it will try to stick to whatever it can. When you breathe in oxygen from the air, it comes in pairs. These are two oxygen atoms stuck together, making their stickyness cancel out. Your body knows how to unstick them and use them to glue other atoms together to form molecules that can be used throughout the body to make things, from bones to skin. But when a single lonely oxygen atom gets free, we call it a "free radical" A free radical is just a single oxygen atom, but remember how we said oxygen is very sticky? It will try to stick itself onto other molecules, even when it shouldn't! This can easily break things, because the molecules in your body have to be very carefully made. If an oxygen molecule just walks up and sticks to it, this is very bad. Lucky for us, there's other types of molecules called "antioxidants". Antioxidants are molecules too, but they have a special slot just for sticky oxygen atoms. Antioxidant molecules are sticky too, but they have a shape that only fits with a sticky oxygen atom. If you eat antioxidants, they will go around your body gobbling up all the sticky oxygen atoms, before they stick to something they shouldn't.
OK so others have explained the reason as to why they had to go public. My personal knowledge is incomplete in this area. However, on why it's tanking (I'm going to assume basic to no knowledge in economics for you): Imagine you have 10 people buying apples and 1 person selling them. The price of apples is set by the person selling them, but if it's too high, nobody will buy them; if it's too low, the seller might lose money. The 10 people buying are commonly referred to as "the market", which essentially means that people who buy the apples decide how much they're worth (to an extent). Now, imagine Facebook = apple farm. In the beginning, the farm belonged to Zuckerberg and his workers, and they produced apples and kept all profits. But then some guys came along and said "we will give you extra land in order to make more and more apples, but this farm is now open to everyone to buy and sell". These guys are called bankers and this is essentially opening his farm to the public, by allowing others to fund / own portions of his farm. Now, when you open up the farm, like an auction, you have to set a starting price for all the land you want to make available. In Facebook's case, the bankers set the asking price really high, and nobody is buying it, because "the market" is deciding that the profit they will make from selling apples is not worth what they have to pay for the land. So now, Facebook has to lower the price of its land in order to be able to sell it. This is why Facebook's stock is plunging.
Have you ever bounced on a trampoline? When you jump on one, you don't simply bounce off a stationary surface, but instead the whole surface is pushed downwards before bouncing back and launching you into the air. It turns out that actually, all materials do the same thing. For example, when you bounce on the pavement/sidewalk, the concrete is actually being pushed down by your feet a bit before pushing back. However, when the concrete returns to being flat, it doesn't move enough to throw you in the air, which is why you don't notice the effect (there are a few other factors at work as well which I won't mention here, but if you're interested then look up "damping"). The same thing will happen when you push one end of your line of marbles. The first marble will be compressed a bit, and when it "pushes back" it in turn hits the second marble, which hits the third, and so on. The total effect is something we call a "compression wave", and it travels through materials (be they concrete pavements, chains of marbles, or anything solid) at the speed that sound travels through the material. This is because sound waves are actually compression waves too! So in fact, the marbles don't react instantly. The speed of sound is really fast (it's even faster in solid materials than it is in the air), so we don't usually notice these effects.
This was asked a while ago in r/answers, here is what I posted then: It depends, there are all kinds of viruses. A lot of the most new and innovative viruses are proof-of-concept viruses. These are generally made by skilled hackers (and I do mean hackers here, not crackers et al), who, in the process of learning about computer systems have discovered a vulnerability and want to see if it can be exploited, not to actually do anything malicious, just to see how it would be done, to satisfy their curiosity. The morris worm, one of the first recorded internet viruses, is one such virus. These viruses tend to have no payload, and thus do no harm (the morris worm did harm only accidentally). Other viruses do harm, but only mischievous or annoying harm. These tend to be created by script kiddies who know enough to be able to write them, but not enough to know that they shouldn't. Often these viruses will announce their presence loudly and gloat, generally with the intention that the script kiddie gains notoriety as a leet haxor, but this of course doesn't happen. The last, worst and most recent type of virus is the truly malicious virus. Since people started doing real business online, banking online, and storing personal information on their machines, there has been a growing financial incentive to crack peoples computer security systems (such as they are). These viruses will tend to make an effort to hide their presence and remain undetected, while they send off personal data for use in identity theft, log keystrokes to steal passwords used online, pop up ads for profit, etc. They tend to be written and managed by organised crime syndicates and other unpleasant characters who only became interested in computers when the opportunity for illegal profit became apparent.
It comes down to your preferences, that's why there's so all the different options. Your computer components will most likely never fail due to heat cycling or starting and stopping and save a hardware defect will be obsolete before their mechanical life expires. Each successive step you asked just uses less power and takes longer to complete. Hibernation is great for laptops if you leave work open but it does make a lot of writes so keep frequent backups if you have a solid state drive because consumer-wise their longevity is the most untested of all computer hardware. I use sleep on all my systems since it's almost instant-on. Depending on the age of your system and it's specs, here are some rough comparisons with a rough yearly electrical bill expense (@ 8.7c per Kilowatt Hour) On/idle 24 hours a day (screen off - don't use screen savers unless you like pretty pictures): 60-250 watts | $45-$190 Sleep 24 hours a day (monitor off): 5 watts | $1.91-$3.81 Hibernate: 1ish | less than a dollar a year
In hindsight, MySpace's initial dominance in the social media space seems to have been a "first mover advantage". They were the first to tap into social media in a way that captured the attention of a critical mass of people. Social media was still a very new world though - an undeveloped market - and what MySpace offered was a niche in the context of what social media has become. Picture present day social media as a big pie, of which MySpace is a little sliver. Most of the pie hadn't been made when Myspace came around, so everyone jumped on board, but as social media has become bigger broader, MySpace basically stayed the same. Facebook put pictures, messaging and social planning at it's core, and those features appeal to a broader base of people than the MySpace core that includes site ("space") design and music sharing. Subsequently, many of the people that joined MySpace because "OMG, social media" found that newer social media sites (mostly Facebook) actually suited their needs better.
There is no voodoo here. Many of them are used interchangeably now, or in ways that provide euphony. Others like "highway" have some obvious uses, but maybe since they are all used so similarly we can find some value in exploring their individual etymologies and how they were used differently in the past. avenue 17th century. Originally a military word. From Middle French avenue "way of access." Meaning shifted to "a way of approach to a country-house," usually bordered by trees, hence, "a broad, tree-lined roadway" (1650s), then to "wide, main street" (by 1846, especially in U.S.). road From Old English rad "riding, hostile incursion." Also related to raid (TIL!!!). Modern spelling established 18c. street West Saxon stræt, an early West Germanic borrowing from Late Latin strata, used for via strata "paved road." OE also adds: "In the Middle Ages, a road or way was merely a direction in which people rode or went, the name street being reserved for the made road." highway From Old English heahweg "main road from one town to another." The UK's High Streets have a similar background, though the meanings differ now.
It has to do with where the individual is being filmed. The reason paparazzi are able to take pictures of celebrities is because they are almost always taken in a public place. In most places in the country, it is completely legal to film anyone who is in public or in view of the public (this is why paparazzi stand on sidewalks and film people out walking). You are also allowed to film and photograph anyone on your own property. This is how "To catch a predator" works. They have proprietary rights over the homes they work out of. Although in about half of the states, it is illegal to record a person , either over the phone or with a camera without getting their consent first. So "to catch a predator" cannot do what it does in all states. Since "cops" often takes place in other peoples property, they have to gain consent of the homeowners, bar owners, crack house owners, to publish photographs taken on their property. Tldr: Watch it again. If people are in the background eating at a restaurant or on some other private property, faces will be blurred out. If they are standing around in the road, you will see their faces.
ELI5: The sequester is a series of budget cuts that are so "bad", any deal agreed upon before then - by either party, would be more ideal. In order to encourage the house/senate to reach a decision (a decision on budget cuts) by a certain date, they came up with a "no one wants this" budget cut, but a "this will work if we can't figure something out" budget cut. So, the idea is - "We have to come to terms with eachother on a series of budget cuts that are better than the sequester. If we cannot compromise by a certain date, the sequester will automatically go into effect - and could seriously screw over some people/programs, but accomplish the budget cuts." In essence, both sides disagree on what is "good" for the economy, but they put things in the sequester that they agree are too drastic of a measure - so either side would rather compromise than have the sequester go into effect. In order to avoid the sequester, both sides must come up with a plan that fulfills the needs of the country. If they would have been able to do that, they could have thrown out the sequester, and replaced it with a bipartisan solution. They were unable to do so, the cuts went into effect Today (3 1/2 hours ago as of when I wrote this comment).
I've seen a couple people use the "trucks of dirt analogy" here, but I don't feel like anyone has done a great job so far, so I'm going to attempt to use that analogy to explain many key constructs of processor architecture, along with how those constructs can be improved to make a processor go faster. However, I don't like dirt so much as I like candy, and I think a 5 year old would wholeheartedly agree with me on that point, so I'll be using candy instead! Disclaimer: it's been a while since my Computer Architecture course in college, so please correct me if I miss something or get something wrong. Imagine you have a large city, and outside the city is a gigantic candy warehouse. There is a highway that connects the factory to the city. The warehouse's only job is deliver candy to various places within the city, and the people in the city love their candy! The first and most obvious limit to how fast they can deliver candy is the actual speed of the delivery trucks. If a single delivery truck is able make 2.2 thousand trips to the city and back per year instead of 2.0 thousand trips, the factory is obviously going to be able to fill more orders, and faster. However, there is a limit to how fast a delivery truck can drive on the highway; if the driver goes too fast, he might lose some of his cargo unexpectedly, or he might even crash. So, the speed of a single delivery truck is limited by the safety of the road.
I was a toddler when the disaster happened, so I am sure there are plenty of others more qualified to explain, but as a Liverpool fan who was brought up in Sheffield (the Hillsborough stadium is 5 minutes walk from my house), this is something quite close to my heart so I have tried to keep on top of it. I hope this explains as best I can. From the wording of your question I assume you know the basics of what happened in the build up: Liverpool fans were given the Leppings Lane end of the stadium, which was incredibly run down and in dire need of repairs. The turnstile in particular were old and faulty, meaning it was taking far longer to get the supporters through the gates than it should. Rather than delay kick off and ensure safety, the police decided to open a gate providing an unrestricted influx of people into the stand. The lack of stewarding and poorly designed fences meant that this influx of fans was concentrated into the two central pens. These were only designed to hold ~1500 people, but were quickly stuffed to double that amount. It took the police far too long to realise there was an issue, and then did little to help those hurt and dying due to the crush at the front of the pens. When the game was abandoned, and gates were opened to allow the fans out of the pens, they began helping the injured. They broke up advertising boards to carry unconscious and dragging people out from the crush to try and help them. The police told the 42 (yes forty two) emergency ambulances and their crews that they could not go and help due to drunken hooligans fighting. This did not happen. Only one ambulance (as far as I know) made it to the pitch, after ignoring orders from police. That paramedic said there was no fighting, just panicked people trying to help loved ones.
You've played video games right? Ever played a video game so much you know it backwards and forwards and know every little niche here and there and have all the maps memorized? People who know how to break into other computer systems are exactly like that but with operating systems. When you know a video game so well as I explained you learn little tricks, loop holes, and bugs. You learn how to use the game in a way that the developers didn't intend and or foresee. You use this in the game to your advantage to get more kills or win. People learn computer systems in the same way you learn the game, they play with it ... a lot. They learn the programming language it was built on and how all the protocols it uses work, like tcp/ip. They create their own programs, or use someone elses (script kiddies), to interact with the system and manipulate it or to take advantage of a loophole/bug. Quick example, ever heard of a sql injection? See the search reddit form to the right? Generally you would enter the term you want to search for and the polite codes goes off to the database and runs some commands and searches for entries matching what you entered and returns the result. On some unpatched, unproperly setup systems you can enter sql code (the database software commands) into the field and instead of doing what it was intended the database will instead run those commands which could be hostile, such as returning password tables.
Editor here. If a word is used regularly, then it is a 'word' in the genetic sense, meaning a unit of speech with a sufficiently discrete and consistent definition to facilitate the communication of ideas. It does not matter if the word is broadly accepted, appears in books, or otherwise meets conventional standards of what most people mean when they say that something "is a word." When people say this, what they really mean is one of several other things: The word is nonstandard, and inappropriate for the setting or situation. The word is improper, which usually means that it's a malformation of the proper form. (E.g., "irregardless" for "regardless") Or, it is a standard word, but the wrong one. (E.g., Rhode Islanders may say that they're 'agitated' when they mean irritated. Agitation is a rapid reciprocating mechanical action, and it would certainly be very unpleasant if you were being agitated -- throttling is one example of agitation -- but they mean something else when they say this.) The word is not widely accepted. This is the most common meaning, and if you parse it out rationally, it's similar to why men wear neckties: because other men do. People will say something is "not a word" if feel that way, and believe that do, too. In most cases, they're correct about that, but that does not make it not a word.
Alright, like you're five (Note: The characters in the following are representative, but I in no way mean to equate them to their real life counterparts. This is how I would explain it to a five year old, that's all). Let's say I came to your school and did a really fancy, moving presentation about a horrible house in the next state where a squatter was being horribly mean to the dozens of kittens in the neighborhood. It was a really sad video, with lots of pictures of hurt kittens, meowing sadly and looking up at you with pleading eyes. Then, the video's presenter turned to you and said, "Do you want to help the kitties?" Well, of course you'd say yes! Who wouldn't want to help kitties, right? His plan for saving the kittens is for you to go home to your parents, get some money and buy matching t-shirts and bracelets with the pictures of the bad man to 'raise awareness' and then to go to your school's football team, and beg and plead with them to go over there, team up with the home owners and kick his ass so he can't hurt the kittens anymore. Except it turns out, the squatter was evicted five years ago. He's in the next state with one or two kittens, which sucks, but he's not the one causing problems for the hundreds of kittens in the original state. Instead, they're in really bad shape because the home owners are almost as violent as the squatter is, they're food is being stolen by corrupt humans and the absolute last thing they need in their lives is a bunch of well-meaning but misguided goons running around, kicking over their litterboxes, fighting people and empowering their corrupt, negligent and violent owners.
In the US, banks have only recently (in the last couple of decades) become computerized at the branch level. Before that every transaction done was recorded in a ledger at that branch. This is why there would be fees and limitations on what you could do if you went to a branch that didn't 'hold' your account. They had no quick way of verifying funds. I never worked at a bank while they were run on paper so I don't know the details completely, but each day every teller must balance his or her drawer and without having a computer system doing the majority of the work it can be very tedious and time consuming, which is why banks used to close at 3pm. To give their staff a reasonable amount of time to balance and reconcile the day's transactions and go home. Nowadays every transaction is recorded electronically and sent to a central database. Making balancing nothing more than counting the cash in your drawer and comparing it to what the computer says you should have. Also, the Federal Reserve processes every single check and electronic transaction that goes through the bank even today. The routing number on your checks which looks like " :|123456789:| " tells the Fed what bank that check is from and where to send it to collect funds. You deposit a check from x bank to z bank, z bank then sends the check off to the Fed which then presents the check to bank x. So because the Fed isn't open on the weekends everything done over the weekend is posted for Monday's date, the next available business day.
A rocket engine. But the trick is that the rocket stage that took off the moon only needed enough fuel to bring the Astronauts (and soil samples from the Moon) back to Lunar orbit, where the much more powerful command-service module (CSM) was waiting to bring them back to Earth. Also, the descent stage of the lunar lander acted as a sort of "launch station" and was left behind. Also, it should be noted that there are many different types of rocket engines. The ones used to take off from Earth are very maintenance-intensive, because we can afford them like that. For example, they're powered by liquid oxygen and liquid hydrogen, which have to be stored so cold that they literally boil in the tanks and have to be replenished continuously during the countdown. The kind of engine used in the Lunar ascent stage uses hypergolic fuel. This basically means storing two different chemicals that ignite on contact, then making them come into contact on purpose - they don't require an external ignition source, which removes a possible point of failure. Much easier to operate, but much less powerful than a liquid oxygen/hydrogen engine - but that's fine, because gravity is much weaker on the Moon.
Elsewhere, I posted a summary of "Obamacare" (The PPACA), giving the gist of what's in it... and people had questions. Oh my, so many questions. And they wanted citations... so I went and looked up page numbers in the actual document. And as I read it, I started thinking... what if I just go down the bill and talk about each section, in order, in a way that a layman might be able to understand? It's a huge undertaking. The current version of the bill is 974 pages long. Yikes! However, I think that by summarizing and simplifying, we can whittle that down to something more manageable. But it's going to take a while to do it. Maybe a week. Maybe more. If enough people are interested, I'll keep adding to this until I'm finished. So, without further ado, here goes... (Note: I am NOT an expert! I'm just a guy. If I have made an error on any of this, please let me know!) (Note: Unlike my previous post, for the sake of clarity and continuity, any references to page numbers will be referring to the PDF file, not the page number in the document) Page 1 - Title page Page 2 - Disclaimers 'n stuff. Technically, this is a condensed version of the bill. I guess the actual legal version has a lot more legalese... or something. Pages 3-32 - Table of Contents Page 32, Sec. 1001 - Alters another bill (The Public Health Service Act), just to make room for the additions this bill is going to make. So when you read that other bill, it makes sense and doesn't look like a bunch of stuff was just tacked on at the end. Page 33, Sec. 2711 - Says that insurers can't have lifetime limits on the amount of care customers can get, and that starting in 2014, they can't have yearly limits either. So you get as much care as you need. Page 33, Sec. 2712 - No more "rescissions". In other words, Insurers can't just drop customers once they get sick. The only time they can drop a customer is if that customer commits fraud. Page 33, Sec. 2713 - Insurance plans need to include preventive care (colonoscopies, mammagrams, immunizations, etc.) without any extra costs (like co-pays). I should note that this section also includes something that led to a bit of controversy - It says that health insurance must include preventive care for women supported by the Health Resources and Services Administration. And the Health Resources and Services Administration, on the recommendation of the independent Institute of Medicine of the National Academy of Science, has determined that preventive care for women should include access to, amongst other things, contraception. Insurers must provide these services, and cannot require a copay for them. They are paid for by the insurance company. On February 10, 2012 (or February 15th, if you go by the header in the document), the Department of Health and Human Services issued this document, detailing its enforcement of this section. It clarifies that churches are exempt from being required to provide coverage for contraception, and that insurers are to create plans specifically for religiously-owned businesses, like Catholic hospitals, so that employees still get contraceptive coverage through their employer without any of the costs being paid by the employer or the employee. Page 34, Sec. 2714 - Insurance plans need to cover dependents up to the age of 26 Page 35, Sec. 2715 - A year after the law was passed, the Secretary of Health and Human Services would need to get together with National Association of Insurance Commissioners to establish standards for the insurance industry. This is basically to make sure that everyone is using the same terms, the same language, and is providing the same information to customers, so customers have a better idea how to compare one policy to another. Page 37, Sec. 2715A - From now on, insurers must, in a clear, easy-to-understand format, make a bunch of information public: What their policies are, how many people are using their plans, how many claims they deny, financial information, etc. Page 37, Sec. 2716 - Refers to rules in another document, the Internal Revenue Code, but it looks like it's just making sure insurers don't give preferential treatment to rich people. I'm guessing this means a more expensive plan might cover more stuff, but wouldn't let the rich guy cut ahead of you in line at the doctor's office. Or something. Page 38, Sec. 2717 - 2 years after the law passed, the Secretary of Health and Human Services needs to establish rules for how insurers will report, on a yearly basis, the quality of care given under their plans, to be made available to the public online. This includes stuff relating to wellness and prevention programs (healthy eating, anti-smoking, etc.), as well as a big section making it clear that customers aren't supposed to be asked about gun ownership (in case someone thinks it might be a good idea to factor that into their reporting). Page 40, Sec. 2718 - Insurance companies need to make public how much they spend on insurance claims, and what they make in profits. Starting in 2011, if their costs (and risks, and overhead, etc.) is less than 80-85% of the money they make, they need to send rebates out to their customers. Basically, they're not allowed to do price-gouging to make obscene profits. Page 42, Sec. 2719 - Insurers need to offer customers the ability to appeal a claim that was denied. This appeal process will be monitored under an external review process to make sure it's doing what it's supposed to. Page 43, Sec. 2719A - Makes sure that customers can decide their own doctors, and that if their insurance covers emergency care, customers can go to any emergency room without having to worry whether their insurance will cover that specific emergency room. Basically, this section insures that customers still have freedom of choice where they get their medical care. Page 46, Sec. 1002 - Adds the next part to a different bill, the Public Health Service Act Page 46, Sec. 2793 - The Secretary of Health and Human Services will offer grants to states so that the states can have a Consumer Service programs that will investigate problems customers have with insurance, help to spread information, answer questions, and help to facilitate appeals processes. Page 47, Sec. 1003 - Adds the next part to a different bill, the Public Health Service Act Page 47, Sec. 2794 - The Secretary of Health and Human Services will decide what constitutes an "unreasonable" increase in premiums, and conduct an annual review of increases in premiums to look for these. Insurers must explain their reasons for any such unreasonable increases before making them, and must make this information available to the public. If any insurer increases premiums too much or too fast, it may be dropped from "exchange" programs (more on this later). Page 49, Sec. 1004 - This is just detailing when some of the earlier stuff should happen. It's already all done. Page 49, Sec. 1101 - The Secretary of Health and Human Services will make a "high-risk pool" insurance program for people with pre-existing conditions, to make sure they can get insurance right now. The program ends in 2014 (because in 2014, insurers can't refuse anyone with a pre-existing condition). Page 52, Sec. 1102 - Gives a reimbursement to insurance plans that provide health insurance for early retirees Page 55, Sec. 1103 - Create a website ( http://www.healthcare.gov/ ) to help people find health insurance in their state, and give them information about options available to them. Page 56, Sec. 1104 - Making changes to a few other bills, The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, and the Social Security Act, to add definitions and clarify the wording in some sections, and to specify that the paperwork people have to fill out should be clear, concise, and easy-to-understand, as well as to incorporate the use of medical cards used with electronic databases. Basically, this whole section is changing the wording in a few other bills so that all of the bills make things simple and easy for people to fill out paperwork (or simply use a medical card) at hospitals and stuff. Any health plans that don't follow these new rules for clarity will have to pay a fee. Page 63, Sec. 1105 - This is just detailing when some of the earlier stuff should happen. It's already all done. Page 64, Sec. 1201 - This one is changing another bill, the Public Health Service Act, by adding in the following section. Page 64, Sec. 2704 - Starting in 2014, No more turning people down due to "pre-existing conditions". This is already in effect (as of 6 months after this bill passed) for anyone under the age of 19. Page 65, Sec. 2701 - Starting in 2014, the only things about you that insurers can take into consideration when determining your premium rates are whether you want to cover your family or just you, what your age is, whether or not you use tobacco, and other factors to be determined by each state (unless the Secretary of Health and Human Services believes a state's "rating area" to be inadequate, in which that rating area may be changed). Page 65, Sec. 2702 - Starting in 2014, Insurers must accept everyone who applies for coverage. Page 66, Sec. 2703 - Starting in 2014, Insurers must renew coverage for everyone who has it. Page 66, Sec. 2705 - Starting in 2014, Insurers can't restrict you from getting a plan based on past illnesses, genetic history, a disability, previous health care you've gotten, because you were the victim of domestic violence... basically, your personal health history is off-limits when it comes to insurers deciding what plans you can apply for. Page 70, Sec. 2706 - Starting in 2014, If a doctor or hospital is willing to work with an insurer, the insurer has to let them. Page 71, Sec. 2707 - Reiterating that the plans offered have to cover the stuff specified by the other sections of this bill. Page 71, Sec. 2708 - Starting in 2014, Waiting periods can't be longer than 90 days. Page 71, Sec. 2709 - This has to do with "Clinical Trials", stuff that's not ready for mass use yet, and that is still being tested. Basically, it's saying that starting in 2014, people should have access to that sort of trial if they want, and that their insurer shouldn't be able to screw with their insurance plans because they choose to participate in one. Page 74, Sec. 1251 - Says that when this law passed, no one had to change their plans. They could if they wanted, but they could totally keep their current plan if they like it. Page 75, Sec. 1252 - Says that the changes this law makes apply to all health plans companies offer, not just some. Page 75, Sec. 1253 - The Secretary of Labor needs to make a yearly report to Congress on self-insured employers. Page 76, Sec. 1254 - A year after this law passes, The Secretary of Health and Human Services needs to write a report on group health plans. Page 76, Sec. 1255 - You know the dozen or so "In 2014"s I've put in a bunch of the recent bullet-points? Well, this is the part that specified they happen in 2014, with the exception of a few parts that start sooner. Page 77, Sec. 1301 - This section talks about what a plan needs to be in order to be "qualified" (basically, okay for an insurer to sell). It needs to be certified for the requirements of the insurance exchange it's going to be in (more on the exchanges later), it needs to have the features described in the next section, needs to be sold by a licensed insurer, needs to be sold at the same rate regardless of whether it's sold directly or in an exchange, etc. Page 78, Sec. 1302 - The last section talked about what a plan needs to be, but this one talks about what needs to be in it. And that's a lot of ground to cover, so bear with me. The Secretary of Health and Human Services is going to determine what the minimum levels need to be for everything, but this section outlines that by saying that health insurance plans must cover bare minimums of ambulatory services, emergency services, hospitalization, maternity and newborn care, mental health services, drugs, rehabilitative services, laboratory services, preventative services, and pediatric services that include oral and vision care. This section also goes into detail on just how the Secretary is to determine those minimum levels (be mindful of different types of people, be balanced, etc.). This section also limits how big deductibles can get starting in 2015 (no bigger than $2000 for individuals and $4000 for couples). On top of that, this establishes that plans should fall into Bronze/Silver/Gold/Platinum levels, with each corresponding to a different level of benefits. For Bronze, insurers pay for 60% of the costs of the benefits, Silver is 70%, Gold is 80% and Platinum is 90%. A plan that's not one of those could still be okay if it's a Catastrophic plan, which is only for people under 30 or with special tax exemptions, and it only has to cover three primary care visits. Additionally, any plan created for adults must also be available for children under 18. Whew! That was a long one! Okay, let's move on... Page 83, Sec. 1303 - A state may choose to fund plans that include abortion coverage, or they may not. It's up to each state to decide that. Basically, the folks who wrote the bill knew what a hot-button issue abortion was, and they wrote this section to pass the buck on to state lawmakers without siding one way or another. Page 87, Sec. 1304 - This section defines a bunch of terms. Okay, now we're about to get into health insurance exchanges, which allow plans to compete across different areas. The idea, if I'm getting this right, is that by having more insurance companies competing across a larger area, prices will be driven down due to competition. As I understand it, this is what they ultimately ended up doing instead of having a "public option" (optional state-run insurance to compete with the others). Since the public option got shot down before the bill was passed, this was seen as another way to encourage more competition in the market. It bears mention, that in the 6/28/12 Supreme Court ruling on this bill, it was declared that states are not required to establish health insurance exchanges, and that they cannot be penalized for refusing to do so by reducing the funding they get for Medicare and Medicaid. However, if any states choose to opt-out of the creation of these exchanges, the Secretary of Health and Human Resources may simply create the exchanges for those states directly (or even go as far as to create a multi-state exchange encompassing any number of states that refuse to create their own). This is just speculation, of course, but in any case, the court decision shouldn't greatly impact the creation of these exchanges. Page 88, Sec. 1311 - Another big one. This section sets aside money to the states so they can start up health insurance exchanges. The Secretary of Health and Human Services determines how much to keep giving the states based on how much progress they're making. States only have until 2015 to get their act together, though - after that they get no money. However, states must have something ready by 2014. States can choose to require insurers to have benefits that go above and beyond what this law requires, but they have to figure out how to pay for anything they come up with that requires more government money. by 2015, the exchanges need to be self-funding. States can even team up to make multi-state exchanges if they want. Page 99, Sec. 1312 - Individuals can get any plan they qualify for. If you qualify for it, you can get it, if you don't, you can't. This section seems to be talking about different ways people can get insurance (through employment, through a broker, etc.), and making sure they get it. Also, Congress has to make use of the same plans us ordinary taxpayers have. Page 102, Sec. 1313 - States need to keep track of the money these insurance exchanges are using, make sure they're working right financially, and watch out for fraud. Page 104, Sec. 1321 - The Secretary of Health and Human Services is to set the standards that these insurance exchanges are supposed to follow. If any state fails to follow them satisfactorily, fails to get it set up in time, or chooses not to do it at all, the Secretary will set one up for them. Page 105, Sec. 1322 - This sets up the rules, as well as instructions for loans and grants, for the creation of non-profit, member-run insurers called Co-ops. Basically, what credit unions are to banks, this aims to be for traditional insurance companies. This section aims to make it easier for a bunch of people to band together to start their own non-profit insurance company to provide insurance all the people who banded together. The idea is to give people more options, and more competition in the market. Page 111, Sec. 1323 - This option is stricken and no longer exists. Looks like it was probably the public option back before it was kicked off of this bill. Page 111, Sec. 1323 (same number, different section) - Allocates money specifically for territories that aren't states, like Puerto Rico. Page 112, Sec. 1324 - This says that Co-ops have to work under the same laws as normal insurance companies. Page 112, Sec. 1331 - This allows the government to create a low-cost insurance option for people who make too much money to qualify for Medicaid, but who still make less than 200% of the poverty line (which is a number that depends on your age and how many are in your household, but this amount, at its lowest is a little over $20,000/year). Page 117, Sec. 1332 - If any state can come up with their own plan, one which gives citizens the same level of care at the same price as the PPACA, they can ask the Secretary of Health and Human Services for permission to do their plan instead of the PPACA. So if they can get the same results without, say, the mandate, they can be allowed to do so. Vermont, for example, has expressed a desire to just go straight to single-payer. Page 119, Sec. 1333 - In 2013, states can work with insurers to allow them to make plans available in multiple states with different laws and regulations Page 120, Sec. 1334 - A different way for an insurer to do a multi-state plan. Page 124, Sec. 1341 - Starting in 2014, states must either create or work with an already-existing non-profit reinsurance agency. Reinsurance agencies basically buy insurance plans from insurers when they are deemed to be high-risk. This helps to keep premiums for other customers down, since otherwise insurers would have to raise prices to offset that risk. This section talks about some of the rules for these sorts of agencies. 50-100 medical conditions are to be identified as high-risk conditions that insurers can offer up to reinsurance agencies. Partly to offset the risk these agencies are taking by taking on these high-risk customers, reinsurers are tax-exempt. Page 127, Sec. 1342 - In 2014-2016, the government will create "Risk corridors", basically saying that in the first few years while insurers adjust to all these new rules, the government will help with some of the risk associated with insurance payouts. Page 128, Sec. 1343 - Each state will charge insurers who take on less risk, and make payments to insurers who take more risk, acting as an equalizer so that the companies that succeed aren't just the ones who cater mostly to demographics with a low amount of risk. Page 129, Sec. 1401 - Alters another document, the Internal Revenue Code, by adding the following section. Page 129, Sec. 36B - Starting in 2014, gives a refundable tax credit to everyone who makes too much to qualify for Medicaid, but makes less than 400% of the poverty line (which, again, is based on your age and how many people are in your household). Depending on how much you make, this could save you up to $10,000 a year. A refundable tax credit is basically a discount on your taxes, and if it's more money than you pay in taxes, you actually get the extra money back as a refund. This is the bill's answer to the question "How will I afford insurance if I make too much to qualify for Medicaid, but not enough to afford insurance on my own?". Page 138, Sec. 1402 - If I'm reading this right, insurers must reduce costs (both co-pays and overall costs) for everyone who makes too much to qualify for Medicaid, but makes less than 400% of the poverty line (which, like I said last time, is based on your age and how many people are in your household). Depending on how much you make, your co-pay costs could be slashed by up to two-thirds the normal price, and your overall costs could be covered up to 94%. If you're an Indian (presumably Native American Indian) making under 300% of the poverty line, you have no co-pay. This section specifically says it only applies to citizens and legal aliens living in the US (so no illegal aliens allowed) Page 142, Sec. 1411 - It looks like this section instructs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to set up a way to check whether people are eligible to buy insurance. It looks like it's basically, in a roundabout way, trying to keep illegal aliens from being qualified for insurance, and setting up penalties for anyone who lies on insurance forms. Page 150, Sec. 1412 - This section instructs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to set up a way to check whether people are eligible for the tax credits and the insurance cost reductions (that "up to 400%" stuff). Basically, instructing him to set up a system to determine what people qualify for based on their income. And also, no illegal aliens. Page 152, Sec. 1413 - This section instructs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to set up standard forms and enrollment procedures for state-level programs like Medicaid and Child Health programs. Page 154, Sec. 1414 - The Secretary of Health and Human Services is allowed to share relevant tax information with those who need it in order to verify what people qualify for. Page 156, Sec. 1415 - All these tax credits and refunds won't count as income. So they won't be taxed or anything. Page 156, Sec. 1416 - The Secretary of Health and Human Services is instructed to conduct a study into the possibility of adjusting poverty levels based on where people live. Because making $30,000/year in rural Kansas is a hell of a lot different than making $30,000/year in San Francisco. Page 157, Sec. 1421 - Alters another document, the Internal Revenue Code, by adding the following section. Page 157, Sec. 45R - Businesses with 25 or fewer employees can get a tax credit worth up to 50% of the cost of the health care they provide their employees. The following parts deal with "The Requirement to Maintain Minimal Essential Coverage", AKA "The Mandate". This is one of the big parts that people have taken issue with, and the very same one that the Supreme Court recently ruled is constitutional (as long as it's seen as a tax and not a penalty, for all those lawyer-types out there). Page 162, Sec. 1501 - This is a big, fat, explanation for the reasons behind The Mandate. Basically, without the mandate, people might just decide not to pay for insurance, which places a huge risk not just on themselves, but the hospitals who will eventually have to treat them when they get sick or injured. The economy loses a ton of money due to uninsured people needing emergency care, which in turn makes insurance premiums more expensive as that cost is passed on. What's more, medical expenses account for 62% of bankruptcies, which introduces even more stress into the economy. And with this bill getting rid of "pre-existing conditions", if there was no mandate, people would just wait to buy insurance until they need it, which pretty much defeats the whole point of insurance. In addition, requiring people to get insurance will make millions of people healthier and live longer. Besides, the more healthy people who have insurance, the less of a risk insurers are taking, which lowers everyone's prices. Page 164, Sec. 5000A - This is the actual mandate. If you can afford healthcare (if it costs less than 8% of your income), but don't get it, you will be hit in your tax return with an annual tax of $95, or up to 1% of income, whichever is greater. This will rise to $695, or 2.5% of income, by 2016. This section makes an exception for those with religious exemptions (the Amish), members of Indian tribes, and prison inmates. It also specifies that no one's going to be charged with any crime or anything, it's just a new tax if you don't comply. Page 171, Sec. 6055 - Insurers need to tell the government who they're insuring, either directly or through employers, in which case they need to tell the government which employer they're working through too. Page 173, Sec. 1511 - This one is changing another bill, the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, by adding in the following section. Page 173, Sec. 18A - If an employer has over 200 employees, and offers a health plan to those employees, new employees will be automatically signed up for that health plan, though employees can opt-out if they don't want it. Page 173, Sec. 1512 - This one is changing another bill, the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, by adding in the following section. Page 173, Sec. 18B - Employers need to notify new employees about their options with health insurance exchanges and tax credits. Page 174, Sec. 1513 - Alters another document, the Internal Revenue Code, by adding the following section. Page 174, Sec. 4980H - Starting in 2014, if an employer has over 50 full-time employees and doesn't offer them insurance, the employer has to pay a fee of $2000/year per employee. If they employ part-time employees, their hours are to be added together to see how many full-time employees they'd represent (in other words, it's not a simple head count). The Secretary of Labor is to conduct a report to see what effect this has on employees' wages. Page 178, Sec. 1514 - Alters another document, the Internal Revenue Code, by adding the following section. Page 178, Sec. 6056 - Employers need to report to the Secretary of Health and Human Resources about the insurance being used by the employees working for them. Page 180, Sec. 1515 - Alters another document, the Internal Revenue Code, by adding that you can't get a plan using an insurance exchange through a "cafeteria plan" (a plan where you specifically pick what is and isn't covered). I think this is saying that if you're well enough off that you're going to nitpick the details of your insurance policy, you can buy all of the elements of that policy directly. Page 181, Sec. 10108 - This section has to do with Free Choice Vouchers. Judging from news reports, it looks like it has since been repealed. It would have required employers to provide these vouchers to employees. Page 181, Sec. 139D - More on Free Choice Vouchers. Again, looks like it was killed off after the bill passed. Page 183, Sec. 1551 - Says that this part of the bill uses the same definitions as another bill, the Public Health Service Act. Page 183, Sec. 1552 - 30 days after this act passed, the Secretary of Health and Human Services had to publish online all of the authorities he has been given under the act. Page 183, Sec. 1553 - The Federal Government, States, and insurers cannot discriminate against doctors and hospitals that refuse to do assisted suicide. Page 184, Sec. 1554 - The Secretary of Health and Human Services will not promote regulation that limits peoples' ability to get health care, or limits doctors' ability to communicate with patients. Page 184, Sec. 1555 - Any Federal Health Insurance Programs created by this act are optional (anything like Medicare and Medicaid, for example). No one has to join them. Page 184, Sec. 1556 - Alters another bill, the Black Lung Benefits Act. From what I can tell, this has to do with health problems suffered by coal miners. It looks like it's extending the dates to cover more recent issues. Page 185, Sec. 1557 - Health insurance programs benefiting from Federal credits and subsidies cannot discriminate against anyone based on age, gender, race, etc. Page 185, Sec. 1558 - Alters another bill, the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, by adding the following section. Page 185, Sec. 18C - Employers can't discriminate against employees that have received tax credits. Page 186, Sec. 1559 - The Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services is in charge of administration and implementation of this law, as it pertains to his department. Page 186, Sec. 1560 - Names a few random laws and says "this bill doesn't change any of these laws". Page 186, Sec. 1561 - Alters another bill, the Public Health Service Act, by adding the following section. Page 186, Sec. 3021 - 180 days after this bill was passed, a couple of Health Information Technology committees will work to start spreading information and helping people enroll in Health and Human Service programs Page 188, Sec. 1562 - The Comptroller General of the United States is directed to conduct a study on the denial of coverage. This section details how he's to go about doing it. Page 189, Sec. 1563 - It looks like it's basically saying that when you buy a business, you can't use this bill as an excuse to ignore any of the usual laws when doing so. Page 189, Sec. 1563 (Same number, different section) - Alters another bill, the Public Health Service Act, by making many small changes. It looks like most of them are either slight alterations and rewordings, additional definitions of terms, and language that fits in better with this bill. Page 196, Sec. 715 - Alters another bill, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, by adding that the rules in that document apply to group insurance plans as well as individual insurance plans. Page 196, Sec. 9815 - Alters another document, the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, by adding that the rules in that document apply to group insurance plans as well as individual insurance plans. Page 197, Sec. 1563 (Yet another one with the same number, but a different section) - This basically just says that the Congressional Budget Office says that this bill will reduce the budget deficit, extend Medicare solvency, increase the Social Security Trust Fund, and have savings in a few other areas. It also says that these savings will go towards those programs and not folded back into the PPACA. (Now with links to the pages referenced, thanks to the help of nerddtvg! Aaaaand... I've hit the character limit for a self-post, so this will be continued in Part 2)
Unfortunately, unless Einstein messed up, you can't send information faster than the speed of light. When you're pushing on that stick, it actually does take time for the "push" to reach the other side depends on the material properties of the stick. If, for example, the stick was really floppy like a string, if you wiggle the string, you can see that the "wiggle" will take some time to get to the other side. The more rigid the material is, the faster the "wiggle" will go across. If you have a perfectly rigid object, then yeah the signal will go across at the speed of light. But it won't be instantaneous. Why? Because objects on a small scale are not continuous - they're a bunch of molecules that have some interaction with each other. For example an iron rod has a bunch of iron atoms a particular distance from each other - close enough so that they can bond together (the reason for this distance is so that they can delocalize their electrons, but this is above a ELI5 level), and far enough so that the charges in the atoms don't repel each other. So if you push on one end of this iron rod, the 1st bunch of atoms you push on will get too close to the a bunch of atoms in the next slice of the rod, too close for comfort, so the 2nd slice of atoms will move away from the 1st, causing it to get close to the 3rd, etc. until it goes all the way down. On a small scale, this is pretty fast. But on a larger scale (e.g. 600 light years), the "push" will be propagated down the rod like a wave that travels, at maximum, the speed of light.
Your brain doesn't know the difference between artificial sweetener and sugar. When you drink coke zero, your taste bud sentry calls up your brain saying "Sugar! Sugar! Alert, we have sugar!" Your brain sends a signal to your digestive system, and General Digestion is all like "let's do this shit!" She is ramping up her forces; they have legions of warriors ready to do battle with the calories that are coming down the pipe. They can hear it coming, and the general is all like "Hold.....Hold.....Wait for it!" and as the coke zero flows into the digestive system, all hell breaks lose. There are no calories? Where are the calories? There should be calories! Your digestive system is like the Harlem Shake when the beat drops. The general calls up the president and says "You better tell General Metabolism to slow the fuck down. There is some crazy shit going on here." President Brain exclaims, "Explain yourself soldier!" After a 4 second pause, in a quiet defeated tone, General Digestion says... "I think we might be starving..." Your metabolism responds faithfully and slows down. Meanwhile your appetite is increasing, reminding your conscious brain that it needs food to survive, not this nothingness syrup. Once the battle is over, your brain starts to questions its intelligence. How could I be wrong? It tasted sweet? It tasted sweet!
The actual mean song length is closer to 4 minutes. There seems to be a lot of misconceptions along the lines of "that's how long our attention span is". The actual reason for the length is because of the storage media which were, in the early 20th century, gramophone records. From [Wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single_(music)): The inherent technical limitations of the gramophone disc defined the standard format for commercial recordings in the early 20th century. The relatively crude disc cutting techniques of the time and the thickness of the needles used on record players limited the number of grooves per inch that could be inscribed on the disc surface, and a high rotation speed was necessary to achieve acceptable recording and playback fidelity. 78 rpm was chosen as the standard because of the introduction of the electrically powered synchronous turntable motor in 1925, which ran at 3600 rpm with a 46:1 gear ratio, resulting in a rotation speed of 78.26 rpm. These factors, combined with the 10-inch songwriters and performers increasingly tailored their output to fit the new medium. The 3-minute single remained the standard into the 1960s when the availability of microgroove recording and improved mastering techniques enabled recording artists to increase the duration of their recordings.
First, there are no meats that are 100% safe to eat raw. There is always a risk of bacterial contamination/poisoning, especially if the meat is not cleaned properly. Second, in some places, people DO eat raw chicken...and horse, for that matter. See here from Japan: http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_FmIQvAuJZXc/ShIm1PBngrI/AAAAAAAAB1Y/yZ_eZC8LZpw/s400/chickensashimi.jpg Now, to your question. Saltwater helps kills bacteria, making fish less susceptible to contaminants than meat from land-based animals Sushi restaurants still take precautions. A required step involves freezing fish at temperatures of -4 degrees Fahrenheit (-20 degrees Celsius) for seven days, or frozen at -31 degrees Fahrenheit (-35 degrees Celsius) for 15 hours, which kills any parasites (since these thrive in warm temperatures). Salmonella on chicken rarely enters the meat itself, but rather thrives on the skin. Chicken sashimi (toriwasa), is often braised or seared on the outside before being chilled as above both to kill lingering bacteria and improve the texture.
I wanted to tell you one of the cool things about fractals. Draw a square. This square has an area, space inside the edge, where you would normally color (you did a great job on that art project at school, by the way). You can color this shape until there is no white space left. Now take this other marker and trace the line. You can trace the line until the old line is covered up. Now if I cut a square out of the corner and put it somewhere else, like this:    ______   |      |__   |         |   |         |   |         |   |______   |          |__| You can color the same amount inside and it will still cover the entire shape. Now trace that line. Did you notice it look a little longer to trace the line? [[OOC: I would probably have graph paper to demonstrate, or cut a real shape out of blue construction paper, maybe string to show perimeter]] Now if I did this a lot of times, with smaller and smaller pieces, you can see how messy the edge would be. The inside would be the same amount of color, but it would take longer and longer to trace the line, because it is so twisty, not like a simple square. If you were to do this forever and ever, you could still color inside the shape with the same amount of color, but you would never have enough markers in the whole world to be able to draw the line. The line would always be longer than anything you could ever draw. We call this line "infinitely long" which is even longer than your sister takes in the bathroom!
Fox Hollywood, doesn't have contradictory interests politically than Fox News. What 20th Century Fox produces is a lot of movies, and yes some do go against the grain of the political views of much of the Fox News shows. But the simple fact is they produce these movies, for the same reason Fox News itself exists: Money. Fox News came about because Murdock (I'm using him here as a figurehead here, not saying the idea was his or of that sort) believed that the media was biased, and he wanted to create a completely unbiased news network (read: a conservative news network [Note before those few on the right come to attack me: There is nothing wrong with having a conservative news network. It doesn't have be "Fair and Balanced" as it tries to say, it isn't, and it won't ever be. Just like MSNBC, it has a sway to it, and it isn't balanced, it is the opposite of MSNBC, and exists as that reason]). Now what this did was shift a huge portion of the CNN crowd who didn't like being told that maybe their side does some wrong (they all do) and created a huge load of wealth for News Corp. What 20th Century Fox does (and Fox Broadcasting Company does with a lot of it's more political liberal [Simpsons, Family Guy, Glee, etc.] shows) is it ties in the other side of the spectrum. You now are being paid a huge buttload of money by pissed off conservatives, who then piss off a bunch of left wingers, who then use your movies and tvs as escapes into a better more liberal minded world, and you're getting money from every single aspect. It's money over philosophy, money over convictions.
Let's pretend your heart is a person. During exercise, when your heart beats, it's like it is out jogging. During cocaine use, when your heart beats, it is like it's jogging and pushing a shopping cart. This is because during exercise your blood vessels get wider to let more blood go through, but during cocaine use your blood vessels get smaller, making your heart have to work much harder to push blood through them. I know this is in ELI5, but just in case you want to read about it on a higher level: http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/jfwlz/whats_the_difference_between_your_heart_rate/ Cocaine's effects are pretty much analogous to the effects of the stress response in the top answer (i.e. tachycardia and vasoconstriction). EDIT: I decided to tack on some explanation because as I think about it more, the real issue isn't just blood pressure, it's tachycardia and arrhythmias. Another big difference for your heart (still using the exercise analogy) is when you are exercise, therefore your heart is running, if your heart gets tired, it will tell you that it's tired of running and you can stop exercising. But when you are taking cocaine, it tells your heart to start running and even if your heart gets tired the cocaine will not let it stop.
The muscles that you are thinking of that are becoming tired after short periods of work are called skeletal muscle. However, the fatigable muscles are not all of the skeletal muscles you have-they're just the ones you notice most. Muscles like the biceps become fatigued when we lift things with our arms, and muscles like the quadriceps become fatigued when we lift with our legs. Other muscles are not as susceptible. A set of muscles runs up and down your back along your spine-their purpose is to help hold your body upright all day long. These take hours to fatigue, even under the constant strain of holding your body up (you use these when you sit straight and when you stand). Then there's the king of the non-fatigable skeletal muscle: the diaphragm. You use this to breathe, which you do constantly throughout your life, and it only fatigues in individuals with respiratory diseases. These muscles that don't fatigue tend to use oxygen very efficiently. They have many mitochondria and are well supplied by blood vessels, so that they can generate as much energy in the form of ATP as possible. Fatigable muscles are less efficient in the use of oxygen, and for a couple of reasons this leads to a shorter time to fatigue. The heart muscle is related* to the group of muscles that use oxygen efficiently, which explains (at least in part) why it can beat for so long without stopping.
There are 2 main types of beer, Lagers and Ales. Everything falls under these two. Lagers Lagers: typically light in color and flavor, fermented for a longer time at colder temperatures, invented by the Germans. Most American macro beers are lagers, such as Budweiser. The German Bock, Marzen, and Dopplebock are all lagers but can be darker and heavier. Pretty much any beer from Asia is a lager, Sapporo, Kirin, Asahi, Tsingtao, etc. along with most of the green-bottle beers from Canada and Europe and the Mexican beers as well. Pilsners: A type of lager that started in Czechoslovakia, a little hoppier than lagers but always light in color and body. Examples are Pilsner Urquell, Sam Adams Noble Pils, Trumer Pils, Budvar. Ales Hefeweizen: German wheat beer, typically served with lemon or orange wedge (not necessary!), light and refreshing. American Hefes are similar but don't have the banana/clove aromas that the German ones do. Germans also have Dunkelweizen (dark wheat), Kristalweizen (really light wheat) and some other variations. Franziskaner is a good German version.
This is correct, and to add- it works by triangulation. Imagine if you were somewhere near 3 cities. You don't know where you are, but each city is sending out a signal, and from this signal, you can determine exactly how far you are from the city, but not where you are or from which direction it is coming. If you figure out that you're a distance of x from City A, you know that you are somewhere on a circle of radius x centered at City A, but you don't know which direction you are. If you figure out that you're a distance of y from City B, and draw another circle of radius y centered at City B, this will intersect your first circle at two locations, so now you know that you are somewhere around one of those two locations, but not which one. If you figure out that you're distance of z from City C, and draw a circle of radius z arounc City C, you'll find that this intersects the first two circles at one point. That point, where all 3 circles intersect, is your exact position. GPS actually uses a very precise clock to figure out distance. It works a bit like when you see lightning, and count the seconds before the thunder to figure out how far away it was, knowing that the light is almost instantaneous, and the sound travels at roughly 343 meters per second. GPS uses signals that travel at the speed of light, so the clock needs to be very precise to figure out how long it took, but modern technology can do that. It can also use more than 3 satellites to get an even more accurate position. It's also worth noting that the maps and directions are all done by your device, and stored locally on it- the satellites just provide the timing signals so the gps can figure out where on its map you are.
(As a note, it seems I've spent most of my post explaining magnets and how the earths magnetic core works, instead of explaining the process of identifying historical pole reversals from seacores. But I'll be damned if I wrote this all up, only to throw it away.) Edit: As this post seemed to gain some popularity, I would like to clarify that I am not a physicist, nor a geologist, and most/all of the information was done with a little internet research. A few comments have pointed out a few "nitpicky" errors, and I've tried my best to amend them. But it's nitpicky details that makes patterns recognizable, and learning fun. Wow, Mr. 5-year-old, sudden magnetic pole reversals? Let's not get ahead of ourselves. First of all, what in the hell IS magnetism? It's all electrons. (Edit: Kind of. Keep reading.) Electrons are tiiiiiiiny tiny things that exist everywhere and within everything. I could go on about how crazy electrons are, but that would be a totally different explanation. When an electron moves from point A to point B, it produces a magnetic field. That field has a shape and strength that is specific to how the electron moved. Wait, what? Where was the magnet that produced the magnetic field? There was none. It was the electron. In fact, when an object creates a stable magnetic field, all that is really happeneing is a bunch of electrons inside the object are moving in a structured, stable fashion. When a lot of electrons are all moving in the same way, it creates a stonger magnetic field. Woooow, that's crazy. Magnetic fields are kind of like the byproduct of a moving electron. Fact 1: The movement of electrons cause magnetic fields. ( A magnetic field is created for any timely change in the electric field. It doesn't matter if this is caused by electrons moving, or protons, or carbon core nuclei, or even just because there's a electromagnetic wave coming by, without any massive particle being associated. Thank you datenwolf! However, a moving electron is relevant to this application, and is what will be continued to be used as an example throughout the post. But just be aware that electrons don't have a monopoly on the magnetic field front.)
Probably what will happen to Mr. Tenenbaum is that he will be subject to a 'Wage Garnishment'. Folks who owe child support will be very familiar with that term since it's also used against them. http://www.dol.gov/compliance/guide/garnish.htm Assuming that he or his lawyers don't find a way to duck the $675k fine, this means he owes a debt of $675k. Of course, barring winning the lottery or becoming a successful businessman, most folks are never going to be able to pay that much in their entire lives. That means that a court, probably not the same one that convicted him, will issue an order saying that he has to pay so much out of every thing he ever earns up until he has paid off his debt... which will likely be never. Because child support disputes, tax debt, and other kinds of debt are so common, most businesses who have more than just a couple employees deal with wage garnishments as a matter of fact. You can't be legally fired for having a wage garnishment, nor can an employer legally refuse to hire you for having one.
As a Biomedical Engineer and general workout enthusiast, this is pretty accurate and a great answer for a child (or anyone without knowledge of biochemistry and/or fitness). I'll try to explain what I know about energy storage and fat burning below: The body has evolved to store fat for use when food is not readily available, and fat stores are for sustained periods of hunger, and generally not for quick athletic activities (although being calorie deficient from exercise can create sustained fat burning, as can maintaining through diet). Your body would rather use sugar, fats, and to a certain extent, protein in food as quick sources of energy, as this allows immediate regulation of energy components on a cellular level (as opposed to delayed regulation from the cellular signalling involved in breaking down stored fat into fatty-acids/glycolipids/glycoproteins). In other words, If you have fat and sugar in your blood stream, you cells can easily uptake these for ATP production via , whereas is you are calorie deficient, your fat cells (adipocytes) need cellular signalling from other cells to realize there are no calories in the blood, and then must utilize neural pathways to communicate this to the brain, triggering cell responses that lead to fat release from the adipocytes (and also hunger). In summary, stored fat is a long term, delayed energy source, not an easily accessible "stored energy".
It's not easy to track currency. A lot of countries such as Luxembourg and Switzerland have very secretive (what they call "private") policies about their accounts. Countries such as the US and UK do not have the jurisdiction or the means to investigate currency within another nation's sovereignty. Many countries have co-operation agreements with each other, but Switzerland and Luxembourg are [in]famous for being "discreet". Many tax havens in more "exotic" parts of the world have similar privacy policies. A large part of offshore accountancy isn't actually criminal. Normally offshore accounts are used to avoid paying full taxes in one's own country, especially where taxes are fairly high like the UK. For criminals, it's the same though. You can wire money abroad with ease these days, and a lot of criminals will "launder" it first. That means putting it through ostensibly legitimate businesses (I knew a mob in London who laundered through a gay Sauna), and claiming it as revenue there. Once it is legitimised as revenue from a business, a "front", it can be sent abroad perfectly legally. From there, it is untraceable to the home government and you're clean. If anything's unclear, I'm happy to clarify.
I want to debunk a myth firstly. A conductor does not indicate what notes to play by conducting, this is impossible. The conductor has a score in front of him, which is a book containing a written down version of the music that every instrument in the orchestra is playing. Each member of the orchestra has their own small version of the book in front of them on a stand, but this book only contains the music that their instrument needs to play. So while the conductors score may contain the music for oboes, violins, violas and cellos (there's usually many more instruments than this), the oboe player's book will only contain the music for the oboe. The oboe player reads the music from this book as he/she is playing, just like if you were reading a novel out loud to someone. Sometimes you might tap your feet to music, this is what the conductor does to guide the orchestra, except the conductor uses their hand or their baton (conductor's stick) to "tap" out the time in the air. Each time the conductor's baton or hand stops and changes direction in mid-air, this indicates a beat, or one "tap". Sometimes the tempo (how fast or slow the music is going) can change, which means the conductor has to make sure the entire orchestra will be playing as fast or as slow as they should be at all times. This is certainly not the only thing a conductor does though, and depending on how good the orchestra is, the conductor might not need to tap time at all!
The current top comment is really biased, to the point that it doesn't seem to explain what the situation is. Here's how I would explain SOPA, trying to show both sides. A bit long, but entertaining throughout, I think. I. The Setup Most of the time when Productive Paula makes something to sell, she can only give it to one person. When she makes a cake, for example, she buys all the ingredients, combines them in her special way, and then sells it to the first person who comes along and offers her money. If somebody took a cake of hers without paying her for it, she would be very hurt and this obviously wouldn't be okay. Some products aren't like this, though. Productive Paula is an excellent storyteller, and she holds daily storytimes where people come from all over to hear her new tales. Since it takes lots of effort for her to come up with the stories, she still wants to be paid. So, she charges everybody who comes to listen, even though each listener after the first doesn't actually cost her anything. II. The Issue
Imagine you work in a post office and you have a wall covered in boxes (or pigeon holes) for the letters. Assume each box is given an address that is 32-bits in length; i.e. you have 4,294,967,296 boxes (232 boxes). Every time someone comes in for their post you get their box number and retrieve the mail from that box. But one box isn't enough for people; each box can only hold one piece of mail. So people are given 32 boxes right next to each other and, when that person comes in, they give you the number at the start of their range of boxes and you get the 32 boxes starting at that number (e.g. boxes 128-159). But say you work in a town with 5 billion people; you don't have enough mail boxes! So you move to a system that has 64-bit addresses on the boxes. Now you have approx 1.8×1019 boxes (264 ); more than enough for any usage you could want! In addition, people are now given 64 boxes in a row, so they can get even more mail at once! But working with these two addressing schemes needs different rules; if you have a 64-bit box scheme and only take 32 boxes at a time people will get confused! That's the difference between 32- and 64-bit Windows; they deal with how to work with these different systems of addressing and dividing up the individual memory cells (the boxes in the example). 64-bit, in addition to allowing you more memory to work with overall, also works in batches of 64 memory cells. This allows larger numbers to be stored, bigger data structures, etc, than in 32-bit.
Have you ever been in a pond or stream and tried to grab a fish with your bare hands? It's not easy. You can't just reach directly for what you see. That's because the water is changing the path of your vision (refracting it). Let's also try to remember when you have a cup of water and you stick a straw in it. Remember looking at it from different angles and noticing how the straw looks like it is bent right when it hits the water? That's what water does to light; once light hits water, it gets bent. Now imagine those old 3-d glasses you used to have to wear to watch 3d movies. One side was red and one side was green. When you look through the red side, everything is either dark or bright red. red things looked bright red, and things that were kind of red looked like darker red. the opposites of red (like green) look almost black. This is how color works. Regular light is made up of every color. When regular light hits a red shirt, only the red light bounces off of it and then into your eye. let's combine these two examples. When light hits a red shirt, red light should bounce back. But what if it's wet? When things are wet, the light is bent (remember the straw in the cup). So instead of having the red light bounce directly back at your eye, the water bends that red light away and not towards your eye. And if you don't see light, you see darkness.
When you drink alcohol, little bits of it can pass into your brain. These bits causes your brain to slow down. Because your brain is going slower, the feeling of "Drunk" is really just acting on some more primal instincts because your brain is not able to process all of the information input fast enough. For example, your body is designed to always be hungry, and sometimes if you're body has enough calories, it'll decide it's full by suppressing the hunger feeling. When you're drinking, your brain isn't able to constantly think "I'm not hungry" (it takes too much effort, and your brain isn't working at full speed, so it prioritizes) so you feel hungry. Another example is social interactions. When you're drunk, the brain isn't able to process "if I say to some random girl 'wow you're hot can I have your number', that you may come off as a creep". So you say it anyway. If you stop and think, even while you're drunk, you'll eventually realize it, but not fast enough in a party environment. EDIT: A third more practical example is balance. Because the bits of alcohol are in your brain and slowing your brain down, your balance is less coordinated because by the time you realize how you're balanced, you've already moved to a new position, and you're off-balance for where your brain 'thinks' you are.
Jimmy Hoffa was a union organizer for the Teamsters and became its president when the former leader was imprisoned. He also had pretty deep ties to the Mafia, so there was a lot of organized crime under his leadership, such as bribery of a grand juror and outright fraud by siphoning from the union pension for personal gain. The Kennedy administration investigated the Teamsters and Hoffa was found guilty of his crimes and sent to prison. He was supposed to be there for 13 years, but Nixon let him out after 4 (rumor has it that a deal was made between he and Nixon, since he was a supporter and very strongly Republican, but ymmv). After his release, Mafia bosses issued a meeting with Hoffa, then he vanished. My guess would be that he drew their ire by getting caught. That's basically the gist of the incident. He hasn't been found since. As for why they're still looking for him, I'm not exactly sure. It's an event that still manages to fascinate people to this day. After all, it is an unsolved mystery that would be a fairly interesting thing to finally uncover.
OK, both http://www.imgur.com and http://imgur.com are URLs, that stands for Uniform Resource Locator. There are lots of different kinds of URLs, but they all have a standard format. A URL is a way of identifying some resource on a network (usually the Internet), most commonly a webpage. The first part (before the ://) is called the protocol specifier. A protocol is a language that two computers can speak in order to communicate with each other - there are protocols for sending emails, protocols for downloading webpages, protocols for playing counterstrike and so forth. HTTP stands for HyperText Transfer Protocol, and is the protocol Tim Berners-Lee invented for sending webpages from a web server to a client, i.e. from the computers over at Imgur to your PC. So a URL like http://www.example.com means "get the webpage at www.example.com using the HTTP protocol." Now, the part after the ://, www.imgur.com is the domain. Domains on the internet are a way of identifying a computer, just like a phone number on the phone network identifies someone's phone. However, unlike phone numbers, domain names are hierarchical, meaning that they are split into different subdomains by dots (.)
The island is a barrier holding back chaos and badness from the rest of the world. Think about it this way: the island is a bottle holding evil inside of it, and there is a cork preventing the evil from coming out. It's protected by Jacob. Jacob's brother, the "Man in Black", was killed by Jacob inside the "heart" of the island and as a result he was turned into the smoke monster (who can also appear as dead people). He wants nothing more than to leave the island, but for that to happen the island has to become "uncorked" and let the evil spill out. Because of magic, Jacob and the Smoke Monster cannot harm each other and the Smoke Monster cannot uncork the island himself. Therefore, the entire show is effectively a chess match between Jacob, who wants to pick a successor to protect the island (that's why he brought everybody there) and the Man in Black, who wants to kill Jacob and unleash evil on the world. In the last season the Man in Black successfully manipulates Ben into killing Jacob, but Jacob passes the protectorship onto Jack. Jack and the Man in Black both "uncork" the island, which makes the Man in Black mortal. Before he can leave the island the Man in Black gets killed and Jack sacrifices himself to re-cork the island.
You make and sell widgets. They are really cheap for you to make so we won't consider your costs for this example. Fred is willing to pay $6 for a widget, and Wilma is willing to pay $10, and Shaggy is willing to pay $12. What should you set your price at? If you sell at $6, all three will buy from you and your gross income will be $18. If you sell at $10, Wilma and Shaggy will buy from you and your gross will be $20. If you sell at $12, only Shaggy will buy from you and your gross will be $12. Clearly you should set your price at $10, right? If this was the only way you could set prices, then the answer would be yes. But what if you came up with some clever way of charging different prices for each person. If you could charge everybody the most they would be willing to pay, then you could make $28 instead. This is called "capturing the consumer surplus". You see this in lots of places, with things like senior citizen or child discounts (groups that would often just rather pass up something than pay full price), or with region codes on DVDs. Any time you have a chance to divide up your market you have an opportunity to capture consumer surplus. Airlines have made this into an art, deciding how much somebody is probably willing to pay based on all sorts of signals like where they are going, whether it is round trip, how many stops there are, how far in advance they are looking for a ticket, when they are flying, etc, etc. It would not be surprising to learn that every person on a flight paid a different price.
There are some things that should be mentioned in order to get to the main cause of it. The first is that Hitler didn't use to give direct orders. He preferred to give vague suggestions, let his underlings struggle between themselves to fulfill (what they thought were) the Führer's desires, and in the end support those whose ideas he liked. So if Hitler wanted to, say, go out for his birthday, he wouldn't say "Hans, go and make reservations in the bar around the corner for the next weekend, and don't forget the strippers". He would gather his underlings, tell them that his desire was that his birthday would have alcohol and women, and then let them try different things to please him until someone did something he liked. This will be important later. Now, Jews and other minorities were harassed and prosecuted from the beginning of the Third Reich, but not on a systematized basis. Some laws against them were passed, some were mistreated, some were killed, but there was not a "kill them all" order from above. In fact, sometimes the prosecution had to be stopped due to internal protests, like when German women married to Jewish men protested against their incarceration. One of the key points in the history of the Holocaust was the Wannsee Conference in 1942. Up until this time the killing of Jews was organized at most on a regional basis, and every commander or military governor did it as they pleased. The Conference was a gathering of several high ranking German officers and politicians in order to find a "final solution to the Jewish problem". It was at this meeting that the Holocaust as we know it began to take place: the killing of Jews and minorities went from a region-to-region basis to something bigger: a systematic plan to "clean" occupied Europe.
They're completely different. SOPA would have given courts the power to remove DNS listings (basically revoke domain names) of any website found to have any copyrighted content hosted on it or even links to copyrighted content. So if you wanted to bring down YouTube you could upload some copyrighted content and then file an suit in court. Currently under the DMCA, content aggregators have "safe harbor" status where they're only liable if they're found to be hosting illegal copyright content or intentionally linking to illegal copyright content and repeatedly ignore takedown requests. CISPA facilitates information sharing between private companies and the governments--ostensibly only "cybersecurity" related information would be shared. Users tend to dislike this as they see it as a breach of their privacy. They may trust Google with their information but not the government. Tech companies like it though because it's less regulation to worry about (lower costs) and lowers the risk of getting sued for information (also lowers costs).
I happened across this description from a guy whose college professor assigned them to interpret the lyrics: It seems our prof had, at one time, lived in the California area and was very good friends with a certain drummer named Don Henley. Don explained the story behind the song to him, and said he was amused at the wide varieties of interpretations the song had developed over time. According to the source, The "Hotel California" is actually, L.A. itself. The song and album take you on a trip though the music industry in L.A. in the late sixties early seventies, when agents and studios controlled artists like puppets. Back in the late sixties, 1969 to be exact, there was a major onslaught of artists being signed left, right and center, and artisit at the time were often known to basically "sell their soul" to a record company executive in order to get a recording contract. Many times these artists were given little if anything for their music, and thus ended up basically a victom to their love of music. Just imagine the scene at the time, it's late 60's, you are on your way to L.A. to strike it big with dreams of glamour and fame...and you basically are prepared to sell your soul of you have to to attain it. I must admit, when I first heard this explaination, I was a little skeptical...but trust me....listen to the WHOLE album again, start to finish and keep this definition in mind when you do it. Every song ties together in one big story, finishing off with the Last Resort which gives you a clear summery of the whole album and idea. I don't deny that drugs and addiction have a lot to do with the lifestyle and results of the quest for fame. All I ask is to keep an open mind and think of "The Hotel California" as L.A., and you may be surprised.
If you are the kind of personal that updates their software a lot, this could be why. To ease it up, we'll just use fake numbers to round it off. Your 5 year old computer is 1000 computermarks fast. When you first bought it, Windows took 500 computermarks to run, plus your other software was another 100. That leaves you 400 computer marks left and feels very free and fast. So that's 1000 - 500 - 100 = 400 left. Now let's imagine it's five years later. At this point you're no longer running just Windows. You're running Windows and the Super Service Pack. Super Service Pack fixes a lot of issues, may make things more stable as well as more secure, but now Windows is using 650 computermarks instead of 500. In addition, your internet browser which used to be 100 computer marks, has also been updated quite a bit. It now uses 150 computer marks. So that's 1000 - 650 - 150 = 200 left. This is a very simplified version but between having slower CPU, and not a lot of memory these issues can multiply a lot.
As per color: It's because black hair is the default color for hair and Africans never had environmental pressures to lose the pigment like Caucasians did. To survive in dark, cloudy Europe, Caucasians needed to lose pigment so that they could absorb more of the sun's loving rays--presumably this occurred over thousands of years of mutations, survival of those with the trait, natural selection, and sexual selection. This loss of pigment occurred in both the hair and the skin because the amount of pigment in both is somewhat related. Additionally, different types of pigment changes occurred in hair, but it did not particularly matter what color the hair turned to. As long as the skin lightened, the color of the hair did not matter. Thus, you could have had a genetic line with pale skin and black hair (with the mutation only being on the skin pigmentation gene, but not the hair pigmentation gene. But, this line would still survive thanks to the light skin). Likewise, you could have had a genetic line with pale skin and brown or red hair (with a mutation on the skin pigmentation genes AND on the hair pigmentation genes. This line would also survive because it had light skin. The mutation providing for red or brown hair was not necessary but not harmful, either). Now, you are probably saying--"Well Asians lived at high latitudes, too!" True, but the two groups ate different types of food. The food being consumed by persons in northerly Asia eliminated their need for as much sun exposure. So, the basic answers are (1) climate and (2) diet.
Being a wine geek, I understand your frustration completely. Lemme see what I can do to help. First of all, the flavours aren't necessarily exactly like earth, leather, candy, or hibiscus blossoms - they're just more reminiscent of those things than anything else. The key is that it's a language of comparisons, and you have to learn the language. Thankfully, there's an easy way: Drink more wine! :-) Specifically though: Learn how to properly evaluate wine (appearance, nose, taste, mouthfeel, finish). Then get two wines of the same type, and compare them side by side, in identical glasses. Try a California cabernet sauvignon vs. a French one of about the same price. Try an Australian chardonnay vs. a nice Chablis. Canada does good rieslings - try one against a German riesling. Narrow it down a bit - try a Mosel riesling vs. a Rhine. Try a Washington Pinot Noir vs. Oregon or Burgundy. I would say you don't have to worry much about the language - you will notice differences and can develop your own terms if you want, but if you do much reading, you will start to find those weird and esoteric phrases making sense. For example, new world wines usually have a sense of sweetness, regardless of how much actual sugar there is in them. Is it sweet like candy, sweet like flowers, or sweet like fresh fruit? By contrast, stick your nose in a big ol' Burgundy, and you will probably get hit in the face by the classic "barnyard" aroma. It's pretty unmistakable, and yeah, there comes a point when you might even enjoy it. :-)
401k refers to the legal code that allows this type of savings account to exist. It allows you to set aside a certain amount of your income, each pay period, to go into a retirement savings account, tax free deferred (you pay the tax at retirement when you withdraw - the presumption is that you won't have a job at retirement, so you'll have a lower tax bracket). Your employer, if they don't suck, may match part of your contribution - these matched contributions vary from as low as like 3% of 25% of your contribution to 10% of your entire contribution. An individual investor doesn't have much power, but with a 401k, everyone in the company usually gets lumped into a big savings plan together, giving them more power. However, that savings plan is an investment plan. It invests in bonds, stocks, etc. If the stock market takes a bath, your 401k can lose a lot of money, include the contributions of you and your employer. If you take money out of a 401k early, you owe extra taxes on it (since it was tax free). But if you can let it sit until you're like 65, then you get the money without a penalty.
They are different, but related. Karl Marx (the father of communism) said that socialism is a "pit stop" on the way to communism. Socialism is where the state (and so the people) own the means of production. Essentially, instead of a private company owning a factory, it might be nationalised so the nation owns it. This is meant to stop exploitation of the workers. Communism, however, goes much further. It's important to note that there has never been a single communist state in the history of the world. Certain states have claimed to be communist, but none ever achieved it as Marx and Engels envisioned. What they wanted was a classless society (no working classes, middle classes, and upper classes) where private property doesn't exist and everything is owned communally (hence, 'communism'. They wanted to create a community). People share everything. Because of this, there is no need for currency. People just make everything they need and share it amongst themselves. They don't make things for profit, they make it because they want to make it. Communism has a bit of a mantra: "from each according to their ability to each according to their need". It essentially means, "do what work you can and you'll get what you need to live".
The issue wasn't JUST that it was bundled with the OS. There are are a couple other factors: When this ruling was made, Microsoft was far more dominant in the PC market than it is now and was effectively a monopoly. Through that monopoly, Microsoft began to push out its competitors in other markets (Internet browsers, word processing software, etc) by forcing OEMs to bundle microsoft products with their computers rather than one of their competitors. Although the case centered around Internet Explorer, it was more about that monopoly in general. The final settlement involved forcing Microsoft to play fair with other software developers by letting others have access to their API information. Anywho, back to the original question: The reason the Safari/iTunes + IOS and MSE + Win8 aren't similarly restricted has to do with that ruling. The final settlement did NOT restrict Microsoft (or anyone else) from bundling software with their OS. What it prevented was having OS companies from making their OS incompatible (or less compatible) with their competitors non-OS products.
There's some good answers in here, but there's also a lot of bad answers. And what I say bad, I mean they could be right (for example, your 'HD needs an upgrade'), but very likely are not the real issue. So lets take some metrics, shall we? Note: This may be slightly above 5 year old level, lets say.. 10-12? First, lets check the process numbers, if you're on windows vista/7, press control-shift-escape to bring up the task manager. If you're on XP, it should control-alt-delete. Now select the Processes tab. This is a list of all active 'processes' currently running on your PC. There's some differentiation between 'processes' and 'services', so I'll just leave them in quotes for now, don't worry too much about it. At the bottom of the window you should see at total count, i.e. "Processes: 53". Most common 'computer people' will have a number between 40 and 60 when their computer is idle, depending on OS and how spartan their configuration is. In comparison, many non-techy users may have numbers up as high as 90+. Note to 'adults': I'm going to use 'speed' as a general term to apply to the computer's ability to process/function/etc. in the following. I am very aware it's not accurate parlance, but it fits in with the end user's view of computer power.
My (own little) theory is that difficult things look good. Someone spends a long time and great effort to make a cool effect, people who see it are impressed because they don't really know how it was made (or it looks more difficult than it actually is), but over time more people learn to do the difficult thing, and so it becomes easy, it starts to look cheap, and then it's not modern or pretty any more. I'll talk about webdesign from now on, but this probably applies to many other areas. Take the shiny reflective Apple surfaces which appeared ~10 years ago, which got very popular with Web 2.0. It looks really impressive, as if it was made with a 3D render by Pixar or something. But then someone realizes that it's just a mirrored image with a gradient on top, and then simple tools pop up for noobs to make their own logos, and so the magic is lost. After the shinyness of Web 2.0 we had the grunge period where websites were full of tiny dirty details. It looks like the artist/designer has spent ages placing every tiny little detail (and they probably did in the beginning). But then lots of tutorials and Photoshop filters started popping up, and now everyone could do it. And suddenly it's not very modern any more.
Adderall and similar drugs belong to a class of drugs known as amphetamines. You may have heard this name as part of the slightly less beneficial methamphetamine. Yes, crystal meth is chemically very similar to Adderall. The more you know. Amphetamine is a stimulant. Stimulants range from caffeine to nicotine to methamphetamine, and they all work in slightly different ways. Your neurons talk to one another with chemicals, called neurotransmitters. To put it very, very, simply, your neurons need these chemicals so that they can talk to one another. When they are finished talking, they need a bit of a break to recover so they can fire again. This break usually runs about one millisecond, during which these neurons recoup some ions so they can accept transmissions again. What amphetamines do is trigger these cells to release some stored neurotransmitters (the talking chemicals) into the space surrounding them. The upshot of all this is that there's more neurotransmitters available to all the nearby cells, so if they want to talk a bit more frequently, they can run a bit faster (since they don't have to wait to re-synthesize the neurotransmitter themselves). So now we know how an amphetamine works. Why, then, does Adderall help focus more so than caffeine, which is also a stimulant? Drugs like caffeine are stimulants. This means that globally, throughout the brain, caffeine encourages increased neurotransmission. (Caffeine works through a different pathway than amphetamine, but it's roughly the same effect). The answer is that while caffeine is a global stimulant, Adderall as a stimulant seems to only stimulate the parts of the brain that do thinking. Scientists don't know why yet, but they know it does. And isn't that good enough for a drug?
This is a little above ELI5, and without delving into what any of these Marxist theories are, I'll try to contrast each. Marxism is an internationalist philosophy that seeks to create a globally classes society. Lenin and Trotsky both shared this internationalist view and established the U.S.S.R in order to further the eventual goal of a global socialist state. Leninism specifically differs from pure Marxism in that a vanguard of core leaders are expected to educate and push workers to sieze the means of production and establish a communist state. Trotskyism is Leninism and should be contrasted with Stalinism particularly. Stalin furthered the idea of "Socialism in One Country", that is, he didn't care at all about the international socialist movement except in the cases that it would advance the interests of the U.S.S.R. Recall the puppet regimes in Eastern Europe after World War 2: these were not propped up purely in order to promote communism/socialism; rather they existed as a buffer zone separating the U.S.S.R from Western Europe. Stalin, though he attempted to, was unable to closesly associate his political theories with Russian national idenitity. Maoism is Stalinism, with the added theory that socialism should arise from the peasant class, rather than industrial workers which was a practically non-existant class in feudal China. So, Maoist theory denies the importance of an international movement and promotes the aforementioned "Socialism in One Country".
Somehow I think a lot of these answers wouldn't satisfy a four year old, or even answer the question of "how." Here's my attempt at an actual answer a kid would understand. First, you have to meet a couple requirements. You have to be born a citizen of the USA (so people who become citizens later in life can't be president) and you have to be 35 years old or older, to name a couple. There are also papers to fill out and similar technical stuff. As for the "how," there's no real rule but there are some things that pretty much everybody does. One is to hold a lower political office earlier in your career. Presidents are usually Senators, Representatives, or Governors before they try to run for President. That's because it shows they understand how politics works. Another is to have a strong education and usually a post-graduate degree. Many Presidents have law degrees, for example. Having a good reputation in your career before going into politics is important because it shows that you are a hard worker and because it can make important friends. Presidential candidates also must be good at making friends. Campaigns cost a lot of money, and if you want people to give it to you, they have to like you. This is true especially because it's not allowed to promise that you'll use your power as President to "pay back" the donations (even though this happens sometimes, it's not supposed to).
A bit of etymology might be helpful here. Via Etymology Online. Here's a timeline so you can see exactly how the word changes over time: Back in the days of ancient Rome, the word 'columna' was used to refer to a pillar. Many years later, Rome fell, but the Latin language gave rise to many of what we call the Romance languages. As part of this, 'columna' morphs into one part of the term 'compagna colonella' (Italian) to refer to a column of soldiers. The leader of that column is called the 'colonnella'. When the French adopt the word, it becomes 'coronel', and later 'coronell'. When translated into English, the Italian form of the word is preserved (hence colonel), but the French pronunciation is used. And that's why we write colonel, but say coronel. There was even a time when both forms of the word were being used simultaneously, during the 16 and 1700s, but ultimately the 'l' form of the word won out. Simpler version: Words change over time. The word colonel is hundreds and hundreds of years old, and has changed a lot. Once upon a time, it was actually pronounced with an 'l', but as time went on, the word changed even more, kind of like a game of telephone. You know; one person mishears something, another might change it just because they can, even though they heard perfectly well the first time, and by the time it gets to the end of the line, the word you started with, and the word you wind up with are completely different and might not even make sense.
The black circle in the center of your eye (the pupil) lets in a lot of light. It gets bigger and smaller to let in more or less light. When your pupil is big, light from a single point in the real world is entering the eye at slightly different angles. The eye focuses the light from these slightly different angles back into a single point to make a sharp, clear image. But if you're nearsighted and aren't wearing glasses, light from far away won't be in focus. Instead of the light focusing to a point, it hits your retina (the part of the eye that senses the light) in a circle shape. Because of this, you see a blurry image. When you squint, you're blocking part of your pupil with your eyelids and eyelashes. Everything looks darker, but the light isn't spread out as much on your retina. If you take a camera and set the aperture (the camera's pupil) to be big, you'll notice that only a small part of the image is in focus, and everything else is blurry. Now if you close the aperture to make it smaller, a lot more of the image looks sharp. This is for the same reason. Unfortunately you can't control your eye's pupil size - which is why we have to squint to achieve this effect.
Double clutching is a downshifting technique that promotes smoother transitions and lower transmission wear. It is useful for road racing, prolonging transmission life, and giving you an overall smoother ride. In normal driving, with modern cars- you don't need to double clutch... ever. When you shift, these neat little devices called "synchronizers" or "synchromesh" (or whatever other name you want to give them) in your transmission help your shifting by matching the rotational speeds between meshing parts. Why do you need to match the speeds between transmission parts when you shift? Simple- they won't go together unless they're all traveling the exact same speed. Your synchros take care of this, so you don't have to worry about matching revs much in normal driving. So the question now is... why the heck do you need to double clutch? It's useful in racing, it's required for non-synchro transmissions, and it's just a damn cool racing skill to master. Think of your transmission as being separated into two functional halves. One half is connected to your engine, and the other half is connected to your drive axles/wheels. The split between the two halves is right at your gears. Let's say you're driving down the street in 5th gear. Assume that your gearing is 1:1 all the way though, just for simplicity's sake. Your engine is turning 3000rpm, and so are all the parts in your transmission. You want to downshift to get higher up in your powerband to pass someone, so you mash the clutch pedal, shift to 4th gear, then lift off the clutch pedal. If your 4th gear ratio is twice what your 5th is, your engine is now spinning at 6000rpm (along with the "engine half" of the transmission) while the "driveshaft half" of your transmission is still spinning at 3000rpm. Your car is still moving at the same speed, but you're higher up in your engine's powerband. Now you have more power to pass the person in front of you.
Imagine I have a room, and in this room I take you and 4 of your class mates and lock you inside it. I tell you that you can do anything you want, but you must wear name tags, you must sign every drawing that you make, and you must put a picture of yourself next to it. You will find it hard to come up with something original and weird because if the others don't like it everyone will know you did it. And no one wants to look like a fool. So you take longer to come up with an idea, and sometimes all your ideas seem stupid so you keep doing what everyone else is doing. Now imagine I have a very large hall. There are no cameras, no name tags, and everyone wears a mask. I take you into this hall and there are 1 million children in it. You look exactly like everyone else. Then, like I did with the small room, I ask you to draw whatever you want, wherever you want, and no one else will know who it was. So you start drawing everything that comes to mind. Some of the children laugh at what you drew because it's stupid but you shrug and walk away because no one knows who you are here. Now some of the things the other children draw are very bad. So sometimes, even though you are told that no one is watching, when very bad things are drawn on the walls, adults come in and take away those children who are drawing the bad things. And only because they are caught with the marker in their hands. If you don't draw bad things you will be fine.
First, the pedantic: There are actually two countries named "China." One is the People's Republic of China, sometimes called "mainland China" but more often the PRC. The other is the Republic of China, sometimes called the ROC but more often Taiwan, after the island which is its territory. But I'm guessing you meant the PRC here, so that's what we're gonna talk about. The PRC is what we call a "one-party state", which means all aspects of the government are controlled by a single *non-*governmental entity called the Communist Party of China. So the distinction between the government of China and the CPC is a nuanced one at best, and most often people don't even bother distinguishing between them. Between the PRC's founding in 1949 until the late 1970s, the country ran of a single, monolithic, centrally planned economy. There were no privately owned businesses of any kind. It was pretty horrifying, really. The extent of the centralization was such that even the family was discouraged, and things like communal dormitories, dining facilities and nurseries were mandated. Within ten years, the country was a disaster area of unimaginable proportions. The country's GDP dropped by a third, and actual famine began to set in, because not enough food was being produced in the agricultural areas.
Reposted from the Official ELI% US Presidential Election Thread: (it's my explanation though) It's worked for over 200 years. The way people are elected has a pretty big impact on the political landscape of a country. Changing it introduces a lot of potential instability, so unless there's a really good reason to change it, it's generally a good idea not to. It's not like it's all that uncommon for head of state to not be directly elected. Most parliamentary democracies elect their heads of state with a vote from parliament, the electoral college is kind of like that, only electors don't have legislative agendas to push. It also helps to balance the interests of more urban states against those of rural states. Since every state is guaranteed at least one seat in the House and two in the Senate, that means that less populated states actually get more votes than they would otherwise. For example, the population of North Dakota is less than .3% of the US population, but they get just over .5% of the electoral votes. This may not seem like a lot, but it adds up. If you were to combine all the more rural states and have them vote together, you could pretty dramatically influence the outcome of an election. A lot of people think this isn't fair, why should rural populations get a larger say than urban populations? But consider this, more than half of the US population lives in major cities. If we were to go to a popular vote system where whoever got the most votes won the election outright, why would any presidential candidate care about what happens in rural states? You could win an election just by advocating policies that matter for people that live in cities.
I'll give this a go. So there are three parties you need to know about - the uploader, the host, and the owner. Before SOPA, when something was illegally uploaded (such as a copyrighted song to YouTube), it was the responsibility of the owner of the copyright to tell the hosts to take it down. The host can only be charged if they don't take down illegal content after having been asked. With SOPA, hosts WILL be liable for any illegal material, so it will be their responsibility to police all of their users/uploaders. Hosts include the likes of Google (and subsequently YouTube, Blogger, etc), Reddit, probably Wordpress, and basically any company that offers a service where information can be posted. That's a ridiculous amount of information to dig through for pirated material. Not only that, but the Federal Government will have the right and legal obligation to block access (through web providers) to sites that repeatedly host content in violation of the law. For example, you won't be able to access thepiratebay.org, nor will you be able to search it or find any of the content that is hosted there, even if it's not illegal. It's a blanket measure.
Inertia, mostly. From the moment we're born, we are moving along with the earth at a pretty constant speed. Think of it a bit like being in a car moving without speeding up or slowing down, we don't feel the fact that we're moving. The same is true with the earth. Because we're not changing speed relative to our place on the earth (we're moving at the same speed it is), we don't feel the spinning. But, if the world stopped for a moment, we'd feel the stopping. And if it started up again, we'd feel the starting of the spinning. There's a lot of complicated math behind why we aren't changing speed relative to our place on the earth, and stuff about inertial frame of reference, but that's not like you're five. Edit: Since people seem to want to create some weird competition between this answer and the other most-upvoted answer, I wanted to clear up something. Not only are both explanations compatible, both explanations say the same thing. My explanation focused on the mechanics of how our relative acceleration is stable (friction and air resistance, both of which are moving at the same speed as the surface is rotating). Brainflakes is explaining, essentially, why that is able to function.
This isn't the first time this has happened. How have ELI5 links dominated the queue on my front page so dramatically? EDIT: I should clarify that my actual subreddit subscription total is 33, but there were exactly 10 ELI5 links listed on my front page within the top 50 posts 6 hours ago. EDIT2: I'm getting some great answers from you guys and think I have pieced together a viable solution to this phenomenon. (1) The algorithm: A high upvote/downvote ratio and initial momentum are important in calculating a spot in the queue. There aren't many downvotes here, and there appears to be pretty high momentum. But I had only noticed this yesterday, what has happened to cause such a recent dramatic change? (2) BestOf: Given the recent decision to disallow default subs on r/bestof suddenly ELI5 is the new r/AskReddit and suddenly there are now a lot of ELI5 posts that rise to the top of bestof which are then highly upvoted here, causing these posts to subsequently rise up my front page queue. I think this is the reason for the outlier results, and I thank pkmnnerdfighter for being the first to point this out to em. Also heyitstval gets props for being the first person I've ever seen to actually link the mythical algorithm for page ranking... I had forgotten it is all open source code. FINAL EDIT: This has just turned into ELI5ception, as this very post is now on my front page! Who wants to submit a comment from here to r/bestof so it completes the cycle? Anyhow, for anybody still reading this, head on over to r/UpliftingNews for a break from the depressing news. Its a sub I've been growing but there are few comments and everybody here seems like great contributors so I feel no shame plugging it for this brief moment in the limelight. Thanks again!
As others have mentioned, it has to do with Reddit's ranking algorithm. For a five-year-old, it's a bit complicated to understand, but I'll try my best: Take two posts; Post1 and Post2. They were submitted at the same time, one has 100 upvotes and 0 downvotes. The other has 1000 upvotes and 900 downvotes. These two posts have a score of 100 (upvotes - downvotes). Since they were submitted at the same time, they will have the same rank score. Reddit aggregates your subreddit's posts scores and ranks them in this manner. So, these two posts (let's say one from r/funny and one from r/explainlikeimfive) will show right below each other. Now, let's say that there are three posts - two from r/explainlikeimfive and one from r/funny. The two ELI5 posts have a score of 100, and were submitted within two hours of each other. Their rank score will be only a few points apart, due to the logarithmic scale - this means that the first 10 upvotes a post gets count as much as the next 100, then the next 1000, and so on. Their rank score (the final number used to sort posts on the front page) will only be small points apart. A small subreddit (small upvote and downvote counts per post) will often have lots of posts on the front page due to this behavior - if there are wildly popular posts (and in this subreddit, there aren't often many downvotes on questions, relative to the upvotes), they will trump the bigger subreddit's posts, even though they have 5-digit vote counts.
(Skip to the end for a really short summary) Much like many common-law (US, Canada, UK, etc) countries, international law is bicameral as well (one "house" and a "house" over that house... think state under federal). When a country signs and ratifies a treaty, that law (in theory anyways), according to most domestic laws, take precedence over the signator's national law. What that means is that the international law "trumps" countries' national laws. So essentially, a country is unable to breach, or break, that international law or agreement (in theory anyways... but of course it happens). Just keep that in mind, and I'll explain ACTA section by section: Article 1.1: basically this agreement does not remove obligations from previous treaties. (I feel that) this is important, as an argument could be made that the limitations on freedom of speech and "chilling effect" (fancy lawyer-speak for "makes people more cautious to exercise...) on freedom of speech violate some countries' obligations in other treaties, such as the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights. This could be a way of voiding a country's obligations under ACTA--that it violates its obligations in another treaty. Just a thought. The rest of Article 1(A) and (B) aren't anything out of the ordinary and aren't complete anyways.
Executive Producer is usually the person who is investing the money in a film. Because they have the money, ultimately they are the "big boss." However - they may may not have much involvement with the day-to-day decision making in a film. Producer is usually the person who CONTROLS the money, and is in charger of the business side of a film. They are the boss who is involved on a daily basis running the film. They make hiring decisions, firing decisions, and may also have a significant amount of creative control. The director is in charge of the creative side of a film. They have very limited control over any money - they ask for what they need and the producer and executive producer decide if the budget will allow that. The director tells both the people behind the camera (cinematographer, set designer, costume designer, musicians, etc) and those in front of the camera (actors) what to do on a minute-by-minute basis. Everything you see on the screen, the director made a decision to put it there (within the limitations of the budget). Generally, if a movie isn't any good, the blame falls squarely on the director - even though the director's decisions are guided - and often messed with - by the producer and executive producer, who remember: provide and control the money.
Some time ago, Egypt held a revolution of sorts to kick out an effective dictatorship. The army helped the people do this, and set up a temporary government and helped set up elections. The people had to get angry at the army to convince the army to do this. Elections were held with a lot of candidates, and finally someone won, someone who only had the support of about 1/4 of the country, but who still had the highest number of votes. This person was backed by various hardline Islamic groups. As time went on it became apparent that the person that was the first democratically elected leader of Egypt was not living up to the people's expectations. However the new democracy had no legal mechanism for the people to remove from power a government that they no longer had confidence in. So the people arranged a large demonstration. The western media first portrayed this as being roughly evenly split between people who liked the current leaders and people who did not, but it quickly became apparent that the vast majority of people did not support the government, and large protests were held. The Egyptian army had a different leader than last time, and they told the government that the people had spoken and insisted that the leaders leave office. The leaders refused, so the army removed them and set up a caretaker government so the country can try again to vote a new government.
It depends on whether you want to simply live in that country or change your citizenship. If you want to go somewhere for a long period of time (usually longer than 90 days), you will need a visa; most countries have treaties that waive the requirement for a 90-day tourist visa, which is why you don't need one for a short vacation. Visas are issued by the consulates of the country you're going to, and there are different types with different requirements (depends on the country). Examples are student visa, spouse visa (i.e. you're married to a citizen of that country), and work visa. You will probably have to present proof that you can support yourself financially, and possibly proof that you have somewhere to live. The consulate may actually check your references (landlord, employer, family member who lives in that country). The visa application process will probably take at least a month, if not more. Countries may also not allow you to apply for a visa while on a tourist visa, so you can't take a vacation and then just say "I think I'll move here!" Most visas are issued for fixed timespans; you will have to renew your visa when it expires. If you lose certain qualifications that you needed for the visa, you may be given a short time period to regain that qualification before being deported; if you're on a student visa and you drop out of school, they might give you 90 days to either enroll in a new school or go home. Again, this all depends on the country.
Because technically they aren't dangerous. If you pay the fee, they do what they advertise to do. The catch is how they hook you into paying, by claiming that you have issues, and they spam the hell out of you if you don't pay. They are annoying nagware, but they don't cause damage to your machine beyond the annoyance (usually) so technically they aren't lying. The lie is when they tell you that you have 200 errors, you pay the $20, and it "fixes" them. Technically though, as long as it does what it says (which is fix the "errors") they aren't technically lying. They however do not destroy data, so technically they are not viruses. They are nagware of the highest order, they slow down the computer, but they don't allow remote access or destroy/allow access to your data remotely. At least the ones advertised on TV. There are other that ARE viruses though that are similar, but are not the ones you see advertised. They are often a digit off on the website, etc etc. The ones on TV though don't cause any damage, so they are nagware. Technically since they slow the computer down, its "damaging" but not in the sense that you lose precious files or expose your personal data to the internet with them. At least the ones advertised.
For those who can not watch the video. In case your boss/wife gets suspicious that your disgusting porn habits have now extended to leprechauns and pots of gold... Naturally occurring rainbows are always circular, but you won't see that unless you have a high enough vantage point. http://www.thenakedscientists.com/HTML/content/latest-questions/question/2388/ //The rainbow is actually always the same shape. It’s always a circle. The way a rainbow is formed is that when the light goes into a raindrop, it kind of reflects around the back and as it goes in and goes out, it refracts. It bends because light goes slower in water than it does in air. Different colours refract slightly different amounts, so the light comes out of the raindrop in different directions depending on its colour. A raindrop is circularly symmetric so the refraction means that you get a cone of different colours of light coming out of the drop. So, if you look at the raindrop from certain different directions, it looks different colours. If you have a whole sky full of raindrops at different angles you see different colours depending on the direction you are looking in. You get a circular rainbow exactly opposite the sun. If the sun is high in the sky, you just see the top of the circle and the rainbow looks flat. If the sun is low, you can see a full semicircle, and if you are in a plane you can see a full circular rainbow.//
Part One - History Of Computation At the most-basic level, all digital computers (like the one you're using now) understand some variety of machine code. So one combination of zeroes and ones means "remember this number", and another combination means "add together the two numbers I made you remember a moment ago". There might be tens, or hundreds, or thousands of instructions understood by a modern processor. If you wanted to create a new dialect of machine code, you'd ultimately want to build a new kind of processor. But people don't often program in ones and zeroes any more. Back when digital computers were new, they did: they'd flip switches on or off to represent ones and zeroes, or they'd punch cards with holes for ones and no-holes for zeroes, and then feed them through a punch-card reader. That's a lot of work: imagine if every time you wanted your computer to do something you'd have to feed it a stack of cards! Instead, we developed gradually "higher-level" languages with which we could talk to computers. The simplest example would be what's called assembly code. When you write in assembly, instead of writing ones and zeroes, you write keywords, link MOV and JMP. Then you run a program (of which the earliest ones must have been written directly in machine code) that converts, or those keywords into machine code. Then you can run it.
Take a look at this timeline for some other info. To really (poorly) restate what I learned about this..."humane" mental health (e.g. it's an illness that needs human compassion and care to cure) became massively popular. Too popular - the system could not be sustained and really, really bad things started to happend (think lobotomies for everyone). Somewhat due to this public support for the expensive (and now inhumane) system dropped and the hospitals closed, turning out tons of people on the streets. There were supposedly outlets to help, but IIRC they were little more than "walk in, get some drugs, and leave" (e.g. the infamous revolving door). Most people I've known with schizophrenia hate the drugs, so they would just go untreated. So the conception that homeless people are crazy (which is quite popular in the US) isn't false, many of them are in fact ill. There was actually some interesting discussion on another sub about the fact that many of the "crazy homeless" belonged to one generation and that it was dying out slowly, which was drastically modifying the makeup of the homeless population back to "before the hospitals closed suddenly" levels. There is good terminology for all this but I've forgotten it :-(
I guess everyone is too lazy to reply, OP. There are some good explanations for this, but my vague, non-scientific understanding is, it is indeed a physical condition, one that we inherited from our ancestors. I'm sure you can find a more technical/accurate/correct explanation of this, but here's the gist of it. Our brains have a vulnerability that makes it extremely easy to get addicted to things. Watching TV can stimulate you (you are rewarded with dopamine). The more TV you watch, the more you want to watch it. The brain is rewiring itself to crave TV, because it was a source of dopamine release. Why does the brain do this? Because it worked to our ancestors favour. Their brain would be wired to be 'addicted' to gathering food, because it was necessary for survival and even the act of simply gathering the food would be rewarding to them, giving them a higher chance of surviving the next drought. This routine of gathering now becomes ingrained. So after a while, any moment you are not watching TV, your brain will be agitated, because your primitive brain isn't doing something it thinks is useful (because you're not getting dopamine) so you will crave TV. So basically, you are addicted to a low energy, highly stimulated state, it's as simple as that. Ever notice that you browse reddit for hours, even when you've seen everything, and there's nothing even remotely enjoyable about it? It's your brain telling you "keep looking, you'll find it! (dopamine)". As your brain continues to rewire itself, it also starts to cull the circuits in the brain that it deems 'un-useful', such as the ability to learn. Soon, TV will be the only thing that gives you a dopamine fix, which means everything else in the world will seem boring, and this is the root of laziness.
Think of the fat as the food you store in your home bomb shelter. Your bomb shelter is there to keep you safe when you are in danger and the food you store in that place is only to be used up when you cannot get other food. Now you could always snack on the food in the bomb shelter whenever you like, but more than anything you want to keep a hold of it in case an emergency comes along. When your body sends you hunger signals it is telling you your pantry, in this analogy this would be the food you ate recently, is completely empty. Your body now wants you to go to the groceries and pick up more food. If it turns out nuclear war has broken out and you can't get to the grocery store, then it's okay to eat the food you have stored in your bomb shelter. However the body does not think this is the best of idea, since the best option would be to keep these emergency supplies and get more food too. So your body keeps saying "Hey! Go get the groceries! I don't want to have to keep using up what's supposed to be there for an emergency!!!" As for How the signal works: One of the major signals that tells you to eat is Leptin. Leptin is a hormone - a small thing that is released into the blood which tells other body parts what's going on and what to do. Leptin is released by fat when you have eaten food to tell the body that you are full, this tells the body that you don't need to eat any more. When you don't eat, the fat doesn't release this 'hormone' and so you feel hungry.
Games like the Mass Effect Trilogy, Battlefield, EA sports. They seem to have a lot of weight in the gaming industry yet, recently they seem to be in the gutter: http://investor.ea.com/stockquote.cfm In 2005 they had the best stock with around 64 bucks a pop and 2008 they just completely crashed. I know it may be due to the recession but still, in the last four years the trend hasn't been that great. I'd think the it would recover eventually but even then, its lowest point was in 2011 when it was going for 11 dollars. Despite making high production value games and getting good reviews and great sales, why is EA still in the gutter? Also, please no EA SUX LOL circlejerk here, I'd like a neutral response if possible :) EDIT: Holy crap, didn't expect this to blow up like it did. Thanks for the great answers! But it seems so far I've discovered that: EA's P/E ratio was unrealistically high (of course, some did think that EA would produce several high quality games, and thus were optimistic) but when it failed to deliver EA's stock plummeted. This combined with a volatile market and a recent recession AND the failure of SWTOR suggests EA has failed to deliver on the future prospects that the investors hoped they would.
Imagine a garden with 3 species - ladybugs, aphids, and strawberries. Ladybugs spread slowly, and eat aphids. Aphids spread quicker, and eat strawberries. Strawberries spread very quickly, and only need sunshine. Normally, there is a balance. Ladybugs will eat enough aphids so that the aphids can't eat all of the strawberries. The numbers of ladybugs and aphids and strawberries remain roughly stable, year after year. (I won't get into predator prey cycle) Imagine, however, if all the ladybugs in the garden were killed off. This is great for the aphids! They can expand and have more and more babies. This isn't so good for the strawberries, and soon they are eaten. This is now very bad for the aphids because they have nothing to eat! They starve and all die. Just by removing one part of the garden, we've destroyed the whole thing. Similarly, a tiger (edit: I was thinking lions for some reason, I know tigers don't live near zebras and antelope) is the apex predator anywhere there isn't people. You remove them, the antelope and zebras and deer get overpopulated, and they eat too many plants, and turn the savanna into desert. (This isn't the only, or even the most major cause for desertification, but I'm simplifying things here)
Here it is straight from the mouth of the director: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0062622/faq#.2.1.43 GELMIS: The final scenes of the film seemed more metaphorical than realistic. Will you discuss them -- or would that be part of the "road map" you're trying to avoid? KUBRICK: No, I don't mind discussing it, on the lowest level, that is, straightforward explanation of the plot. You begin with an artifact left on earth four million years ago by extraterrestrial explorers who observed the behavior of the man-apes of the time and decided to influence their evolutionary progression. Then you have a second artifact buried deep on the lunar surface and programmed to signal word of man's first baby steps into the universe -- a kind of cosmic burglar alarm. And finally there's a third artifact placed in orbit around Jupiter and waiting for the time when man has reached the outer rim of his own solar system. When the surviving astronaut, Bowman, ultimately reaches Jupiter, this artifact sweeps him into a force field or star gate that hurls him on a journey through inner and outer space and finally transports him to another part of the galaxy, where he's placed in a human zoo approximating a hospital terrestrial environment drawn out of his own dreams and imagination. In a timeless state, his life passes from middle age to senescence to death. He is reborn, an enhanced being, a star child, an angel, a superman, if you like, and returns to earth prepared for the next leap forward of man's evolutionary destiny. That is what happens on the film's simplest level. Since an encounter with an advanced interstellar intelligence would be incomprehensible within our present earthbound frames of reference, reactions to it will have elements of philosophy and metaphysics that have nothing to do with the bare plot outline itself.
You need to really understand what happened. When a bank takes deposits, they want to invest those deposits. But they really don't want to invest in something that loses money - if they do, they've lost your bank account! Because of this, banks need an investment that never loses money. That's really, really hard to find. It's important to understand: there's a big difference between a good investment and one that never, ever loses money. Stock in google is a good investment: it's a good company, they make a lot of money. But google stock sometimes goes down. Banks shouldn't invest your bank account in google stock, for that reason. They just can't take a chance on losing your bank account. If a bank invests money in something that they think will never ever lose money, and then they do lose money - even a little, then the bank is screwed. Really, really screwed. Because it wasn't their money to lose. So if a bank is being good and playing it safe, what they usually invest in is mortgages. Mortgages might not seem "safe" to you, but comparatively, they are safe. If you loan money to a thousand homeowners, even in a recession, at most 5% of homeowners will default. That's actually really good - an investment that never loses more than 5%. If you invested money in stock, you could lose 100% of it. So the risk of losses with mortgages really are much lower. That's why banks and mortgages have gone hand-in-hand for a long, long time.
Physically, there are (usually) hundreds, maybe thousands of individual connections and devices that data has to travel through between your computer and the server it's communicating with. That's hundreds or thousands of individual things that could go wrong! Maybe a cable connection burned out somewhere, or a switch has been reset along the line. Your ISP might be making changes to it's equipment for a couple of minutes, or maybe the guys working on the exchange accidentally a wire or two. Logically: Software is complicated! Each device your data passes through runs software that makes it able to pass on your data. If you leave a device running for long enough, it might decide to just throw a tantrum and stop working, for almost no reason! In terms of the internet, this usually happens on your end unfortunately. Your computer is probably running a couple hundred individual programs at any one time, and any one of them might send a signal another one doesn't like, or decide it's had enough and stop working. If that program has something to do with enabling your networking capabilities, the whole thing might just stop working. In this case, resetting your computer will restart those programs, and they will have forgotten all of the little things that were annoying them in the first place!
For the short version, skip to the section "So in summation" First of all, onion routing is the method that is used by Tor, which is a program. It's named that because it has layers. Like an onion. And an ogre. So how does it work? Let's say I want to access the website that's located at this server. My computer connects to another computer in the Tor network, which connects to another, and so on. Eventually, one of them will connect to the server, which can send back information using this pattern. However, none of the computers in the Tor network know who is getting what. The computer that you connect to isn't the same as the one that connected to the server, so it's very anonymous. Another key feature is that the path of nodes used differs each time. The first time I visit a site, it might connect to computer B, then computer A, then computer J before connecting to the server. The next time, it might connect to computer F, then computer B, then computer L before getting the server. As a result, not only do none of the computers know who is viewing what, but the computers used change from time to time (about every ten minutes). So why use Tor and onion routing? Simply because it's very, very anonymous. All the connections are encrypted and it would be nearly impossible to trace a user. It is, however, much slower than regular browsing, since we have to connect to all these computers in series. More on how Tor works .
You know how Santa has a big list of children who are naughty or nice? When he wants to know if a child is good or bad, he simply looks up their name in his list and finds the answer (and this is how Napster worked). Now some bad men decided that only they could decide who gets presents and told Santa he couldn't keep his big list and they made him tear it up. It broke his heart to do so, but they gave him no choice. But the bad men didn't count on the elves, as you all know elves are very smart and so one weekend before the list was torn up, while the bad men were playing golf and cheating on their wives, the elves stayed up late and each elf memorised part of the list and then they wrote millions and millions of pages, one for each child, and each page contained a list of the elves that know if that child is naughty or nice. Now when Santa wants to know if a child is naughty or nice, he has to go find the page listing the elves that know about the child, then he has to find those elves and ask them (and this is how torrent trackers work). But the bad men were still wroth with Santa, "Santa can not be allowed to keep these pages!" they exclaimed, because they still allow Santa to find the elf who knows if you are naughty, and who knows if you are nice. "We'll see you in court" they threatened Santa, in low and menacing tones.
When I was a kid, my parents told me, "If your server does a good job, you leave them a little bit of extra money as a thank you." More importantly, if the service was bad, you left nothing, because you were not obligated to leave anything. Today it seems like tipping has become mandatory, regardless of the quality of service. Is it because "times are tough" or has the expectation shifted for some other reason? I know the minimum wage for servers is lower than the standard, but I also know that if their tips doesn't bring them "up" to the standard minimum wage, the restaurant is supposed to kick in the difference. I ask because we went out to eat last night, and the service was horrible. It took over 30 minutes to get our food (even though the place was dead), the order was wrong, and our server left in the middle of our service. Maybe her shift was over, but I'm not sure. We had to ask the manager for our ticket, and when we were asked how the experience was, we, well, told them it was kinda shitty, and explained why. The manager listened, then when we were leaving, she asked us if we were going to leave our tip on the table or if we wanted to add it to the bill at the register. I was dumbfounded at this, because in my mind, not only was a tip not warranted, but the server had also, you know, left. The experience just got me wondering. When did the tipping culture in America change? Or, was it always like this, and I've just come to see it for what it is as I've gotten older? And when the fuck did 30% become the norm? The manager last night honestly tried to tell me that $5 on a $15 bill was normal, but I sure as shit wasn't about to leave that much. I left a buck on the table and left. The whole experience was just bizarre. Any insight would be awesome. I'm not trying to be a dick at all, I'm just confused and wondering if/when the expectation changed.
OK, since this ELI5 is about tipping, it's going to go to shit really quickly. Lets start with the obvious: I ask because we went out to eat last night, and the service was horrible. It took over 30 minutes to get our food (even though the place was dead), the order was wrong, and our server left in the middle of our service. Maybe her shift was over, but I'm not sure. We had to ask the manager for our ticket, and when we were asked how the experience was, we, well, told them it was kinda shitty, and explained why. The manager listened, then when we were leaving, she asked us if we were going to leave our tip on the table or if we wanted to add it to the bill at the register. This is a great situation in which tipping isn't expected. You were exposed to extremely unprofessional service, and more importantly, the manager was extremely unprofessional. The first rule of tipping from the restaurant's perspective is that you don't talk about tipping. This is the golden rule. Exceptions are made only for talking about mandatory gratuities and things like that - under no circumstances should a manager ever, ever be telling you 'what you should tip'. Certainly not after a meal that they fucked up. Second, tipping is a social custom which gives diners the option to reward good behavior and punish bad behavior. The system works relatively well when non-assholes are on both sides. Sometimes the system doesn't work so well, because you're an asshole, or your server is an asshole. It happens.
This would be a more appropriate question for r/askscience, but anyways here goes: Basically, not to over-complicate things, but to understand how this works you have to understand that the reasons you feel sleepy are from a combination of environmental cues (the most obvious of which is sunlight), body temperature, hormones, and some other stuff. These factors set you to a "circadian" cycle, which is roughly 24 hours, and determines things like when you get hungry, when you get sleepy, when you feel energetic, etc. Now, for most people, this cycle roughly aligns with their daily routine, hence why they've adopted that routine. Makes sense, right? But, there are certain things we can do that will jolt us out of our routine, unfortunately. The most common of these is jet lag - a sudden change in day/night cycle will usually cause problems in our circadian cycle. This is why in foreign countries we often feel hungry at odd hours in addition to an inability to sleep at night and being tired during the day. It's all related. Other things that can cause fluctuation in your circadian cycle are hormonal imbalances (for whatever reason - drugs, prescribed or otherwise, often mess with the circadian cycle), and one factor that's become increasingly common over the past few years, the light from computer screens.
Google+ was better than Facebook in pretty much every single conceivable way. It hit big with the tech/geek crowd first. We LOVED it, and when it came out of beta, we brought our friends over. Here's the thing: a social network is only as good as the people on it. People are used to Facebook. It's what they know, and it's been dominant for a long time now. Longer than Myspace was. They were invested in Facebook. Getting them to change completely was tough and nearly impossible at the time. This is my very long explanation/metaphor. Think of social network sites like a bar. Everyone hangs out at the same bar. It's not the greatest bar, but it's where you've been hanging out for years. It's comfortable You know everyone there, you're familiar with it, and everyone's familiar with you. You've got your favorite seat/table. It's that place that when people say "Let's go to the bar", you don't have to ask which bar...it's just The Bar. So you hear about this other place, The New Bar. You decide to check it out, and it's freakin' AWESOME. They have clean, comfortable seats, a shiny new floor, awesome beers on tap, great lighting, the works. It's the bar you've always wanted, better than The Old Bar in every way. You're so excited to tell your friends about The New Bar, and you're 100% certain that they're going to love it like you do, and they'll all want to switch bars. So you go running to your friends to tell them all about it. And a few of your friends agree to go with you to check it out, and sure enough they love it. They show up a few times and think it's great, and tell their friends.
Currently, Syria is run by an Alawite regime headed by Bashar al-Assad. The Alawite are a group of tribes from western Syria and make up between 10% and 20% of the population depending on who you ask. These tribes practice a form of Shia Islam, in contrast to the majority of the population who are Sunni. The Alawite have been in control since the sixties when Bashar's father, Hafez al-Assad took over in a coup. Hafez was a master politician, though a brutal and repressive dictator. Bashar is not in the same league and many feel he is first among a group that lead the regieme, but not a real force on his own. Last year, public demonstrations against the regime began, like elsewhere in the Arab world. As the government inefectually sought to crush the demonstrations, they gradually became a rebellion. As most of the population is Sunni, this rebellion was by definition a sectarian conflict. As one would expect, the rebellion itself is divided and includes groups with many different agendas. The only thing they seem to agree on is that the regime has to go (and that they don't like Israel, but that's mom and apple pie in the Arab world). This year, the rebellion became strong enough to compete with the government in rural areas, and has taken over large swaths of the country. Lately, they have been contesting urban areas, with less success. Lacking heavy weapons, proper logistics, air power and a military command, the rebels can't shoot it out with the Army. That's why they had to retreat after taking portions of Damascus two weeks ago. Its also why they will lose the battle of Aleppo if they stand and fight.
Marx was an economic thinker. He believed that eventually capitalism was doomed to fail and that those that did the work (proletariat) would eventually rise up and over throw those that reap benefit from it yet did none themselves (bourgeois). Communism would be the next logical step. Lenin believed that the proleteriat didn't have the means to overthrow the bourgeois in his country. So to speed it up a small group of dedicated Marxists (vanguard) would overthrow the state, declare war on the remnants of the bourgeois and other classes, and guide the proletariat towards a Communist (or socialist, can't remember if communism was just the name for this stage) Utopia. Stalin came after his death and basically used the foundation of Leninism to create a cult of personality around himself. And this Stalinist ideology was exported to other Communist regimes. Maoism is stalinism but since China had an underdeveloped proletariat Mao solved that problem by advancing the peasantry (the largest class in China) and cementing his revolution in that way. Trotsky was a comrade of Lenin ( as was Stalin) who after Lenin's death lost a power struggle to rule Russia against stalin and was murdered. If my memory's correct he would have wanted something more along the lines of workers councils running the country rather than 1 dictator but I could be wrong about that.
For many reasons that I'm about to disclose. Don't get me wrong, though, because I do take a multivitamin every day to supplement my diet. I don't use it as a crutch, but it's certainly a nice fall-back. If you take only one multivitamin a day, you only get what you need at that moment. You eat many times a day because you don't store as much vitamins as you actually need. This is especially true with water soluble vitamins, such as B vitamins. Ever wonder why 5-hour energy has a crazy amount, like 3000% or so of the daily value for B12? It's because all of the extra is released in your urine. You're really only using a very very small amount of that percentage. You store tiny amounts of water soluble vitamins in your liver, but it's not enough at all. Certain minerals, such as Calcium, Iron, Magnesium, and Zinc all are antagonistic in terms of absorption. For example: If a food has Iron and Zinc in it, then the more Zinc the food has, the less Iron you will absorb. Certain vitamins need to have other vitamins or other factors to be absorbed or activated. Let's look at Vitamin B12 as an example. B12 requires a certain stomach enzyme known as Intrinsic factor which is only produced by the stomach lining when you are digesting. A lot of times the supplements will use the derivatives of the vitamins. This means that they need to be changed into the active form by the body. This obviously brings complications because your body may just choose to excrete it instead of transforming it and using it, or that it may get oxidized by free-radicals into an inactive form. Usually, though, the reason why they are in this inactive form is because it is more stable than the active form. This means it's less susceptible to the oxidation.
Marriage is a collection of legal benefits and tax breaks. Generally speaking, the government uses these benefits to encourage people to do a certain thing. For example, we have laws which allow you to get a tax break if you buy a house, and things like that. Marriage, generally speaking, is a package of legal benefits designed to encourage you to choose a partner and start a family with that partner. It encourages stability by increasing the "cost" of leaving your partner. This system is not perfect - as a straight person, I can get married and not have children, and "take advantage" of the system. However, the government has far less reason to provide the same incentive to a family they know will not produce new, productive, taxpaying citizens. (You might say, but they can adopt! True. But adopting does not add more children to the country, which is very important right now because of the way population growth is changing and capitalism works and oh god there's no way in hell to ELI5 this, but anyway, moving on.) Basically, the government giving tax breaks to gay people to get married would be like your mom paying you $5 to play with your truck. You were going to play with your truck anyways. Why should your mom pay you $5 to do something you were gonna do anyway? She could give you that same $5 for cleaning the living room instead - she could use that money to convince you to do something you don't really want to do, instead of giving it to you to do something you'd do for free.
(This is a good answer, but I figured I'd try for a more 5-year-old explanation.) You know that game you play, where you keep asking "Why?" until your parents get annoyed? That's basically what a lot of philosophy is. We say that it's important to get good grades. A philosopher asks, "Why?". Then we say that it's because it's important to get a good job some day. But the philosopher just asks, "Why?" again. The label we give you as a philosopher depends on what you think the last answer is, where it's not possible to ask "Why?" any more. If you think that you can just go on asking "Why?" forever, and there's never going to be a final answer, then you're a nihilist. You don't think that it's really true that it's important to get good grades, because there's nothing that says so. If you think that the last answer is "God says so", then you're what we call a "Divine Command" theorist. You think that, ultimately, God is the one who decided it was good to get good grades. There are lots of other possible answers. You might think it is something to do with the way people's minds work, or maybe even how the whole universe works.
There's a guy at school who talks to a lot of people. Some people tell him interesting things, and he has a very good memory, so if you're ever bored, you can go talk to him and he'll tell you one of their stories. As time progresses, this guy gets more and more popular, and starts to have trouble keeping up with demand for stories, so he goes and finds a bunch of people to help. His helpers' memory capabilities aren't as good as his, but they can talk more quickly. Now, instead of going to the guy for stories, people go find one of his helpers. The helpers eventually relay stories they're told to the guy who still makes a point of remembering everything they're told, and the helpers can remember a few really popular stories by themselves. If someone asks a helper for a story that they can't remember, they'll go off and ask the guy, who will tell the helper, and then the helper will tell the person who asked for it. (Additionally, the helper will remember that story for a little while in case anyone else asks for it.) Except, sometimes someone will ask a helper for a story that the helper can't remember, and when the helper goes to look for the guy, he's too busy telling stories to other helpers to tell them the one they're looking for, so the helper will have to tell whoever's asking for the story that they just can't right now.
Much of the research on sleep involves EEGs, or Electroencephalography, which involves recording electrical activity on one's head. Other electrodes can also be used to monitor other aspects of the body, such as heart rate, respiration, or skin conductance during sleep. We can physiologically characterize sleep based on different waveforms going on in the brain. When we are Awake, EEGs show two different patterns of activity, which we can call A activity and B activity (short for alpha and beta). A activity shows up as medium-frequency waves, and occurs when we are at rest (but awake), sort of just hanging out not really doing anything. B activity consists of irregular, low amplitude waves, and shows up when we are alert and attentive to things in our environment, or thinking actively. Now when we go to sleep, we start to get drowsy and enter Stage 1 sleep, characterized by T activity (theta), which is really a transition from sleep to wakefulness. Your eyes are rolling, and eyelids may slowly open and close. 10 minutes later you'll enter Stage 2 sleep, where the EEG is irregular but has some T activity, but also is characterized by sleep spindles and K complexes, which are two other waveforms we can distinguish in Stage 2 (especially K complexes, which are also the forerunners of Delta waves, which show up in deep sleep). K complexes are like sharp wave spikes (like a big ocean wave) in an otherwise lower ocean of waveforms.
I went to a small liberal arts colleges specifically because its greek community had very little influence on campus and I tried to stay away from the frats as much as possible. Then I found out that a big part of my friend circle (older kids in classes, clubs, student govt.) were greek. Without soliciting it, I got a bid to join their chapter. At first I did the training as a lark, get out of your comfort zone thing (I saw my first year in college as a social reinvention) but then I realized three things: a. There was no hazing at this chapter and the guys were really cool. (Disclaimer: Hazing is not dead though and many chapters countrywide still haze very hard). Any time I was bored, I could pop by the house and there would always be someone to hang out with. Any time I needed to borrow a car or wanted some help for getting something done (eg. moving, heavy lifting), I could depend on the brothers for help. b. Watching the organization work was tons of fun. Sitting on committees, planning parties, recruiting, it was all strategic and probably the best sandbox I could find for my career. I still call it the best internship I ever had in college c. It wasn't fun to pay dues but having a budget meant that the house could afford really nice stuff like fantastic parties, a huge TV, game systems, etc. Once we even bought the meat from an entire slaughtered buffalo.
I was reading or watching somewhere that laughter is actually an evolutionary survival response to stress. As in; Caveman 1 hears a rustle in the bushes, Caveman 2 and 3 wait with spears ready. Caveman 1 investigates, and discovers that it's two badgers humping. Laughter. Laughter evolved as an evolutionary "pressure release" from stress that is easily interpreted as all clear, no danger here Laughter is a feeling of perceived safety from a stressful situation. That's why it's easy to laugh when the guy on the tv gets kicked in the nuts. Ha Ha, I'm safe and so is he, really. He might hurt, but he's safe. And why we don't (normally) laugh when we see videos of people doing handstands in the street and getting demolished by an 18 wheeler. It's not funny anymore because the sensation of "safe" no longer exists. (some people have distorted this feeling, and that's when we say they have a "sick sense of humor" because they CAN laugh at people who faceplant into concrete when their bungie cord breaks. It's a over-selfishified feeling of "safe")
Trapwire is a computer system that gathers up video from security cameras and analyzes it. It then uses facial recognition and pattern recognition to figure out who is in these videos and alerts an actual human if it recognizes behavior that might be a threat. The system is sold to private companies like casinos or government agencies like local police forces. So lets say you own an amusement park. You don't want any nasty terrorists blowing up your park, so you install about two hundred security cameras all over the place to keep an eye on things. But how do you monitor them all? You'd need at least 50 security people to do it effectively (nobody can really watch more than about 4 monitors at a time). And 99.99% of the time, all those security people are watching nothing dangerous happening. It's cheaper and easier to let a smart(ish) program do all the watching. The trapwire system watches all 200 video feeds and analyzes them. If it sees somebody doing something that might be "bad", it alerts one of your real, live security people and they can look for themselves. Why is this a bad thing? Well for one, it's creepy. Nobody likes to be watched, and nobody certainly wants to be judged be some scary computer brain. It's also creepy because a lot of the things the software looks for is not necessarily bad in and of itself. If it sees somebody standing around taking pictures, it might think they're a terrorist, while in reality they're just an amateur photographer.
Here's an attempt at a LI5 answer which says more than "most upvotes in littlest time." Imagine a racetrack for horses that goes on forever in one direction. The start of the track is labeled "Jan 1, 1970 12:00am" and there are equally spaced notches labeled "Jan 1, 1970 12:01am", "Jan 1, 1970 12:02am", and so on. When you submit a post, a horse representative is dropped onto the racetrack at the time of submission. If I submit a post now, it will be dropped at the marker reading "Aug 15, 2011 1:02am." Now hopefully, my horse will start running! Every time my post gets an upvote, it gets a little burst of energy and moves forward. Every time my post gets a downvote, it trips up and loses some distance. If it doesn't get much attention, it'll stay around the marker of the time it was submitted. But if it gets lots of upvotes, it will start to race faster and faster, even past the horses that are being dropped onto the track upstream for newer posts! The front page of r/all is a top 25 list of the horses currently winning this race. The front page of a given subreddit is the top 25 list of the horses from that subreddit currently in the lead.
Some smart people found some really hard rocks in the ground 40 years ago. Things in the ground are hard to get out of the ground. Especially when they are really hard rocks. Some other people decided not to tell anybody about the rocks in the ground because they were busy "playing" with their "friends" and had already decided to make their own really hard rocks. They finally told everyone about their cool rocks. 5. The rocks are still going to be really hard to get out of the ground and it will take a lot of time. 6. The rocks aren't very pretty so they'll mostly be used for really big machines that need really hard rocks. 7. There are A LOT of these rocks. More than anybody has ever found before. 8. This means that once they get them out of the ground, lots of people will be able to use them in lots of different big machines (especially big machines that get very hot or that cut very hard things) and that those machines will create useful things for everyone. 9. But again they still have to get them out of the ground. Some other people (like DeBeers) mostly deal with the really pretty and shiny rocks. They already have plenty of those anyway so even if there are more nice rocks in Russia, they probably won't want any more. They certainly won't want to sell their rocks for less money.
Well, before explaining the stock market, we need to understand stocks. Thankfully, it's not that hard. To start a corporation, a group of people each put in the initial money. Each of these persons gets a number of stock shares proportional to the amount of money they put in. Owning shares of the corporation means that if and when the corporation pays out some of its profits (if there are ever any; this is not guaranteed!), the shareholder will receive some of it, in proportion to the number of shares they own. Now, stock is also transferable. It means that if you own stock in one corporation, you're not stuck with it forever; you may give it to other people in exchange for money, as a gift, or your children may inherit it. When this happens, the corporation is notified that the number of shares in question changed ownership, and they write it down in their records. Anytime the corporation pays out some of its profits to its shareholders, it uses these records to determine who to pay and how much. Now, the stock market is just a set of financial institutions to make it easy for people to buy and sell stock. Why is this so valuable? Because the existence of the stock market makes it easier to find people willing to invest money to start corporations. If there was no stock market, and you gave some money to start a company, you'd be stuck with that investment forever; if you had an unexpected family emergency you'd have no way to get any of that money back quickly, so you'd be very unwilling to invest your money that way unless you were very, very rich and could spare it.
Basically a juggalo is a fan of the music produced by Michigan based record label, Psychopathic Records. Psychopathic Records was founded by the Insane Clown Posse and hosts several "horror rap" acts that have comic book-like personalities. The level of fandom of the Psychopathic Records fans goes far beyond the usual level to the point where an entire sub-culture has been spawned from the imagery, messages, lifestyle, and music associated with the record label. This sub-culture is known as Juggalos. The closest comparison to the Juggalo culture may be akin to the Grateful Dead's "Dead Heads" albeit a more out spoken, urban, poorer, and sometimes violent version of them. It seems that the sub-culture appeals to lower class whites who can't seem to find anything in common with mainstream culture. However, the juggalo culture is an "all inclusive" one that accepts people of any race, sex, or any background that most people would deem bizarre, trashy, or unwanted. So what's up with the strange imagery, campy music, face paint, Faygo, and "trashy" attitudes? Most of the imagery comes from horror mindset of the various bands on Psychpoathic records whose album covers, logos, and symbolism is represented by Juggalos in various ways. The music itself is a mix of Midwest rap, tongue-in-cheek humor, cheesy violence, and various gimmicks. The face paint has been a tradition of the sub-culture to emulate members of the bands on the label (mostly the Insane Clown Posse) and the Faygo is also a tradition as well.
During the Second World War, the U.S. government thought it was a good idea to limit what a company could pay a worker. So, let's pretend your job is making Ninja Turtle action figures in my Ninja Turtle factory. I pay you ten gummy bears an hour for making these Ninja Turtle dolls. Now, I think you're a good worker, so I want to pay you fifteen gummy bears instead of ten. The U.S. government steps in and says, "No! That's not fair. You can only pay ecfunj1 ten gummy bears an hour. That's the law. It's for the greater good- we're in a war, doncha know." Now I, being the staunchly capitalist factory owner that I am, who thinks that you should be paid what you're worth, say, "Well, you're not the boss of me, Federal Government! I think ecfunj1 should get more money." However, not wanting to go to jail, I devise a way around this ridiculous statute. Instead of giving you more money, I pay for your healthcare, which gets around the wage controls set by the government and compensates you more for your labor. Other ways I find to get around this law are paid sick and vacation days. Basically, the reason there is a strong tradition of employer-based healthcare in the United States stems from 1940s government-mandated price and wage controls. Employers who competed in hiring workers in a scarce labor market were unable to pay more money to attract more/better workers. Employers resorted to offering perks, such as health insurance and paid sick/vacation days, to compensate workers more without breaking the law by paying them more.
Basically it allows companies to provide the federal government with data concerning "cybersecurity threats" without liability. Currently most large websites have a Privacy Policy which normally states that companies will not voluntarily share your data. If they did share your data, then you could likely successfully sue them. CISPA protects companies from lawsuits if they share data concerning "cybersecurity threats" with the federal government. So companies like Facebook and Google tend to like the bill because it shields them from liability. Opponents of the bill note that it doesn't actually do a whole lot to increase cybersecurity protection--the government has always had the power to retrieve user data of suspected cybersecurity criminals with the appropriate warrants. CISPA only applies to companies voluntarily sending data to the government anyways. Also, they believe that cybersecurity is ill-defined in the bill and allows the government too much leeway with how the data is used. They think that companies shouldn't be able to share their information when they said that they wouldn't.
First time answering on ELI5, here goes: Computers or rather the microprocessors inside them, and most digital devices and chips use what is called a clock signal. In concept it is very similar the guy in front of a roman ship beating a drum to help the rowers keep their rhythm. Every time he hits the drum, all the rowers pull back in unison. Similarly, the clock signal is an electric signal that sends a brief pulse (which is an increase in voltage) and all the listening microprocessors do 1 unit of work. Some operations take 1 clock cycle to finish, some take several. Now, faster this clock ticks, the faster the microprocessor works, and greater the work output. Again this would be similar to beating the drum faster, resulting in the ship moving faster. It would be a fair question to ask at this point, why dont we just run our clock or drum as fast as we can, all the time? It is easy to see how rowing at a fast pace all the time wouldn't work. There are problems with high clock speeds in electronic circuits as well! The foremost of which is heat production, the higher the clock speed, the more the heat generated within the processor. So unless you have a system in place to cool the processor very quickly, excessively high clock speeds heat up the processor and can damage it.
It's official: ELI5 just got its 500,000th subscriber! Wow. Just wow. It's hard for me to believe how much this place has grown and changed in the last two years. We've gone from an idea in the back of /u/bossgalaga's mind (who was upset about the quality of the available explanations of the hot topic de jure du jour: the U.S. Debt Ceiling) all the way to the front page as a default subreddit. Along the way we smashed the record for fastest-growing community in reddit history, blazing through to 10,000 subscribers in just under five hours, shattering r/shutupandtakemymoney's previous record of one week. Not content to rest on our collective laurels, we went out and earned ourselves a place in r/weeklyreddit's list of the Top 25 New Subreddits of 2011 in the company of such illustrious companions as r/DepthHub, r/LifeProTips, r/GetMotivated, and the always esteemed r/NSFW_GIF. And we haven't stopped making the world a simpler place since, one question at a time. So here we are, a half million-member default subreddit on the front page of the front page of the internet. As you can see from our recent traffic stats, things are starting to change in a big way around here. Your modteam is working tirelessly to make sure that with all these changes, ELI5 stays true to its roots, taking difficult questions and breaking them down to give simple, layman-friendly answers. To that end, we recently added 9 new moderators to our team, doubling its size so that we can be sure to have eyes everywhere they're needed in the subreddit to keep posts and responses up to snuff. I'd like to take a moment to recognize them and thank them for all the help they've been already: /u/kouhoutek, /u/Al-Fayyad, /u/SecureThruObscure, /u/corpuscle634, /u/The_Editor, /u/LoveOfProfit, /u/saltyjohnson, /u/C47man, and /u/I_Cant_Log_Off. In addition, we're about to begin an overhaul of all our rules and procedures, including both community rules and internal mod rules (there have been some issues raised recently about mods overstepping their bounds which we want to ensure don't happen again). The mod team is going to work to rewrite the rules to make them clearer to follow and enforce and make them stricter or more lenient as the community wishes. Within the next 48 hours, we're going to be making an official post asking for your critiques and suggestions as to how to make this subreddit a better place more in line with its founding vision. Once again, thank you all for making this subreddit such a great place to work. Even after two years of moderating, I'm still finding new posts every day that surprise me and explanations that teach me something about the world that I didn't know before. It's been a wild ride so far; I can't wait to see what the next two years will bring. See you at a million, Dr_M, for the ELI5 Mod Team
Monsanto is a company that makes genetically modified seeds and crops. They go into the DNA of the seeds and make changes to the structure of them, to try and make them more reliable, less likely to have bugs in them and more likely to grow bigger. They are pretty controversial because of the way the company tries to protect what it sees as its copyright - the production of their seeds. Some farmers will reharvest seeds to use in the next year's crop, either by using the ones they have left over themselves or by sharing with other farms in their area. Since Monsanto can tell which seeds are theirs because of the science they used to change them, and since the company wants to make sure that the farmers buy their new seeds every year, they have sued some farmers for not following their rules. Even though some of the farmers never bought the Monsanto seeds in the first place and just got them from a grain elevator in their area or from some of the neighboring farms. There's a lot more to the science than I understand, but that was my best attempt to ELI5 it for you. A lot of farmers have owned their land for decades, keeping it in the family, and the thought that some company can tell them what they can do with their own crops and seeds has made some of them very angry. You might read this link or this one if you want to learn more.
Sometimes something will jog my memory, but it'll cause a lot of other related memories to be released. For example, I was recently near my childhood home and saw an empty lot that was once a miniature golf course. Upon seeing it I vividly remembered going to a birthday party there when I was about 7 or 8. Not only could I remember the party, but I remembered the name of the boy whose birthday it was, what he looked like, the present I brought him, and I remembered a dumb joke I made when I showed up there. That sort of thing happens from time to time -- something will jog my memory, but I'll be able to remember a lot of other unrelated things. Sometimes when I see a movie, for instance, I'll be able to remember exactly where I was and who I was with the first time I saw the movie. Or other random memories will just pop into my head uninvited. So my question is this: Where and how are all those memories being stored in my brain? How can I have things that I'd not thought about for possibly decades come back to me with such clarity? Where have they been hiding all this time? Edit: Thank you everyone for all the answers! It makes a lot more sense now, even if the big answer was "we don't know". It's amazing being around for this part of history -- we're learning so much so fast. Who knows what we'll know or be able to do in 20 years. (Also I fixed a spelling error).
This is an excellent question, because we do not know the answer. The question touches on some of the most complicated and important issues in modern neuroscience, like: What is consciousness? How does something become conscious? What makes a conscious entity non-conscious (not just unconscious, like sleeping, but if I destroyed parts of your brain, Nostromo, at what point would you cease to be a conscious person?) I am only a neuroscience undergrad, so obviously you should hope some better answers but I'll give it a shot: First: We only have good ideas on how the brain might store memories, Nostromo, we don't know for sure how it is done. First we lay down a couple terms: there are long, skinny cells in your body called neurons- think of these as giant pieces of string cheese (and indeed, if you ever get to take apart dead animal brains, you'll find that a lot of it does indeed come apart a bit like string cheese!). These strings connect to different parts of your brain, and they form webs as well, webs that transmit signals in between many different parts of your brain. When a string connects to another, different string, we call the place where it connects a 'synapse.' So, neuron and synapse. 1st hypothesis: Each neuron in your brain forms a new synapse with other neurons for each memory you make. This one is fun because if it were true, you could make a new memory by making a new synapse, or destroy a memory for good if you destroyed a synapse! This hypothesis probably isn't quite right, but it's a good starting point.
In very simplified terms. Korea was under Japanese rule from 1910-1945. Prior to that it was ruled by various Korean imperial dynasties. After 1945 the Japanese withdrew (a consequence of their defeat in WWII was that they lost their empire) At this time the cold war was just getting going and a united nations agreement was produced whereby Korea would be divided along the '38th parallel' (this remains the border between North and South today) with the North being administered by the soviet union and the south by the united states. The soviets established a civil administration in the North, designed to ensure loyalty to the USSR by 1948 the party apparatus of modern North Korea was established and Kim Il Sung was in power. The North Korean success in the Korean war http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Korean_War then provided an excellent opportunity for the leaders of North Korea to build and cement a national mythology around nationalism, their ideology and their cult of personality. His continuing high status within North Korea today can be accounted for by two main factors. The traditional respect accorded to authority figures and ancestors, once the emperor, now the 'dear and great leaders' which stems from
First we need to talk about what psychosis is. Psychosis is what happens to a person when they can't tell the difference between imaginary things and real things. There are lots of reasons why a person can suddenly experience psychosis. Sometimes people's brains are put together differently than other peoples and the things that sort and identify information get confused. Psychosis is sneaky. Since you can't tell reality from your imagination anymore, those dragons and wizards you have dreams about start showing up in places they shouldn't be... like the grocery store. Imagine if you were in the cereal aisle and Cap'n Crunch decided to jump off his cereal box and chase you around the store. It wouldn't REALLY happen, but you can make it happen in your imagination. Psychotic people can't turn their imagination off. Sometimes your imagination can show you things you don't want to see. If you're psychotic and your imagination keeps showing you bad things, sometimes you try to hurt those things to make them go away... but since they aren't there in the first place, you end up hurting the things that ARE there. What you imagine depends on who you are and what you have experienced.
Since I actually play the game, I thought I'd explain the game from start to finish. Before there used to be two forms of the game, One-Day and Test, but now a third and shorter version has become more main stream called T-20. Each team consists of 11 players and there are two umpires on field during the game. The game is played in an oval field, with a strip of clay in the middle called the PITCH. This pitch is exactly 22 yards long. At both ends of the pitch, there are three sticks call STUMPS (or wickets) and two pieces of wood called bails that rest on top of the stumps. They are refered to as Leg Stump, Middle Stump and Off Stump depending on which hand the batsman bats with. Let's say right-handed batsman, the off-stump is the farthest away from his body, the one in the middle is middle stump and the closes to his body is leg stump. For lefthanders, the order is reversed. There is a line draw about yard and half from the stumps at both and end this called a CREASE. Before the game starts, there will coin toss and the winning captain of the team will decide to BAT or BOWL. BATTING Once it's determined who will bat first, the team will sent two players in the middle on the pitch. You will seem them wearing leg pads (on the outside), Thigh Pad (inside their pants), elbow pads, abdomen guard (cup), a helment, gloves and of course, the cricket bat. The ball that the official game is played will has four seam going down the middle and is made of leather. The inside of the ball has a small wooden sphere and layer of strings.
Some of them are are either ignorant of the FLSA (Fair Labor Standards Act, a federal law) or decide to actively ignore it because they don't think people will compain. In order for an unpaid internship to be exempt from minimum wage laws, all of the following have to be true: The internship has to be similar to the type of training you would get at a vocational school. The internship has to be for your benefit (not necessarily for the benefit of the company, more on that next). Your employer can't get any immediate advantage from having you there. In fact, the opposite may sometimes be true. Having you there could be a disadvantage to the company. You can't "take the job" of somebody that they would normally have to pay. You actually have to work under the close observation of a paid staffer. You aren't necessarily promised a job at the end of your internship. Both you and the employer both understand that you aren't being paid (seems pretty straight forward). So, if all of those are true, then the company isn't violating the Fair Labor Standards Act and don't have to pay you. It is a little different for non-profit organizations because people can volunteer for them.
Often in a movie, you’ll see a villain screw a "silencer" onto his pistol before shooting the hero’s loved one. What exactly is a silencer, and how is it different from a suppressor? In short, there is no such thing as a "silencer." The term was invented in Hollywood, and is not a proper term, per se, although when it comes to legal terms (such as in the National Firearms Act of 1934), a silencer is the same thing as a suppressor. But in reality, "silencer" is simply the popular term for a suppressor. Alright then, what’s a suppressor? Well, a suppressor is any device which helps to muffle the report of a firearm when it is fired. When a firearm is fired, a small amount of gunpowder is exploded in order to propel the bullet down the barrel of the firearm. When this explosion reaches the muzzle of the weapon, it expands rapidly, making a loud report. The exact sound of the report varies from weapon to weapon, and its intensity depends on a number of things regarding the design of the muzzle, the absence or presence of a muzzle break or a flash suppressor and so forth. However, from my HK-91, the muzzle blast is powerful enough to be felt in your teeth. It’s strong. In certain situations, this powerful muzzle blast can be detrimental. If a special operations team is trying to covertly enter a secure area, having a very loud weapon can be a disadvantage. This is where the suppressor comes in.
This is one of my favorite stories: Mister Rogers went onstage to accept the award — and there, in front of all the soap opera stars and talk show sinceratrons, in front of all the jutting man-tanned jaws and jutting saltwater bosoms, he made his small bow and said into the microphone, "All of us have special ones who have loved us into being. Would you just take, along with me, ten seconds to think of the people who have helped you become who you are. Ten seconds of silence." And then he lifted his wrist, looked at the audience, looked at his watch, and said, "I'll watch the time." There was, at first, a small whoop from the crowd, a giddy, strangled hiccup of laughter, as people realized that he wasn't kidding, that Mister Rogers was not some convenient eunuch, but rather a man, an authority figure who actually expected them to do what he asked. And so they did. One second, two seconds, three seconds — and now the jaws clenched, and the bosoms heaved, and the mascara ran, and the tears fell upon the beglittered gathering like rain leaking down a crystal chandelier. And Mister Rogers finally looked up from his watch and said softly "May God be with you," to all his vanquished children.
Despite the odd incident, school buses are really safe. Like, really, really safe. On average 11 children die / year in school bus accidents according to The Straight Dope and only 6 per year according to some article that's using the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration as a source. That's for 24 million children being transported more than 4.3 billion miles a year, according to that article. That and kids just aren't good at wearing seat belts. They slouch, or sit sideways, or have their legs up and whatever else. All those things mean that the seat belts would probably be worse that not wearing one at all. Considering the weight of a bus and the fact that they're more likely to run through anything they hit, it's best if children don't actually wear seat belts. So, the expense needed to install seat belts in school buses and the barely marginal increase in safety doesn't justify installing them. Even so, California and Texas requires lap-shoulder belts on new buses and New York, New Jersey and Florida require lap belts. Edit: Some people are checking in from some states I mentioned, but not all of them have seatbelts. So much for that article I got the info from. Maybe the rules have changed recently?
Using pinyin and software such as Google Pinyin IME. For instance to type "I am American" in chinese, I type woshimeiguoren, then this comes out: 我是美国人. Each syllable corresponds to many characters. For instance shi could mean 是（Shì, to be）, 市 （Shí，city）, or 十（Shí，ten）. This is because Chinese is a tonal language, words could mean different things based on how it's pronounced, and there are many homophones. Because of this the pinyin input programs have to predict what you are trying to say (and let you correct them if they are wrong), I am not sure how they do this exactly, but it involves very complicated algorithms that work very well. So when I typed woshimeiguoren, 我是美国人 came up because many people have said that phrase before and it is grammatically correct. 窝十没过任 could also be woshimeiguoren, but not many people have said "nest ten not cross office". There are lots of Chinese puns because of this. 肏你妈 (Cào nǐ mā) means fuck your mother, but when you use Google pinyin IME (as well as others) and type caonima, 草泥马 （Cǎo ní mǎ） comes up, which means "Grass mud horse". As the Chinese internet is censored, obscene phrases get banned, so people on the Chinese internet began to discuss the alpaca-like creature that the government doesn't want you to know about, and it has become a symbol against censorship.
As far as I know, people don't actually know why this happens yet! At first that seems surprising, but really there are all kinds of things we don't know yet about the human body. It took millions of years of evolution to get us here, and we've only been studying it for maybe a couple thousand - there are still a lot of puzzles left to solve. That said, people have made a few guesses, mostly by trying to find other things that make these kinds of sounds - such as crying babies, or even some kinds of monkeys. But scientists haven't come to a good agreement on these guesses yet though. People haven't spent much time working on answers to this question yet, so these guesses may be way off the mark. And in fact, most of this work was only done very recently - in the last five to ten years or so. Personally, my favorite explanation has to do with our teeth (I've marked the important bits in bold): The answer came to me like a blinding flash. I was eating something at a picnic and I dropped it on the ground. I wiped it off and continued eating. (Oh, you do SO do it too!) As I was chewing, suddenly I heard SKKKKEEEEEERRRCH!!!!! ...as I bit down hard on a tiny stone. I think every single hair on my body stood on end, and my jaws froze instantly.
Hi Reddit! I've a number of questions about American life that Google doesn't seem to be able to answer without confusing me or contradicting itself. So I thought here was the best place. They're mostly about medical stuff, although there's a couple of other things in there. Thanks in advance :) If you take a trip in an emergency ambulance, who pays for it and who provides it? If somebody collapsed on the street with no ID and it was a medical emergency, would a hospital treat them? Who would pay if they had no medical insurance? How much is medical insurance? Can you get different levels for cover like you can with cars? (e.g., "We'll treat you for everything except cancer") Is it true that people have thought twice about performing first aid such as CPR on people they don't know just in case they get sued? Why do some people have a problem with government providing healthcare when they don't object to it providing schools? (This isn't a rhetorical question, I'm genuinely interested) Is High School (especially late high school) like it is in the movies? Lots of cliques who don't mix, parties at big houses, bullies, well-equipped classrooms etc? The President gets all the attention (at least from outside) but it seems like the individual states make most of the laws. Which has more power, the federal government or an individual state? Can a state decide not to implement a certain national law, or implement it in a different way?
Depends on your insurance, if you have any. My insurance covers all ambulance trips. My friend, uninsured, took a ambulance trip and got stuck with the bill. Yes. They would be charged for the trip unless they had no ID at all and were an amnesiac, then the hospital would be stuck with the bill Depends on many factors. It ranges from free to hundreds of dollars per month depending on your job or lack of job, if you have kids, etc. Maybe, but I suspect that kind of story is blown out of proportion. Many times those people DO have a problem with it providing schools. They don't want to pay the property taxes for public schooling and would prefer private schools. Also, it is believed (perhaps correctly) that public health care is far more expensive than public education. It was for me and I attended a small to mid-sized school in the midwest. We were actually kinda thought of in terms of "A crowd, B crowd, C crowd" and for the most part didn't mix. The A crowd had the parties that were supposedly legendary. I was in the "B crowd". The president gets the media attention because he's a celebrity. It depends on the law. U.S. states are sovereign entities, free to make its own laws as long as it doesn't contradict with the Constitution. For example, in my state gay people are free to marry, there is no capital punishment, and you can carry a gun on you. A State can NOT override the Constitution and, say, legalize slavery. There is some murky water here and you should read up on it for further info.
There are a lot of different components to a CPU. One component is an AND gate. An AND gate will take in 2 boolean values (boolean values are either true or false) and spit out true if both values are true and false otherwise. On a standard CPU, AND gates are incredibly small, but they don't have to be small. Instead of some transistors, we could simulate an AND gate with 3 buckets, some string and a stick. One bucket we place on the stick in a kind of precarious position. The other 2 buckets are placed above the first bucket. There is also a string connected to the top 2 buckets that will (when pulled) tilt their contents into the first bucket. If the first bucket gets enough water in it, then it will tip over spilling the water on ourselves. We then ask a question like "Is the left top bucket filled AND the right top bucket filled?", then we pull on the string. If both buckets have water in them, the bottom bucket will tip over and we will get wet. If only 1 or the other bucket is filled, not enough water will make it into the bottom bucket, and we won't get wet. If neither bucket is filled of course nothing will happen. So we've made an AND gate with cascading water. Again, we didn't have to use water. We could have used any predictable mechanical process.
Say you are in a group of 100 people. Essentially, they all agree that you should be in charge of how much they eat and what they eat. Now, you could buy them all steaks, marinate that shit, grill it up amazing and BAM they all love you! Cost: $10 per person for a total of $1,000 (just for round numbers). On the other hand, you could buy ONE steak, you have an awesome meal when they can't see you and buy for them a packet of Ramen noodles while saying "these are tough times and we must all dig deep to give for our long term good!" Cost: $10 for 1 steak, about $0.25 per packet of noodles for $249.75 for total of $259.75. As long as the rest of the group doesn't see you eating steak, you keep saving money for yourself. Now, the countries you mentioned have a history of social brainwashing to make sure everyone in the country KNOWS that this is the way things need to be for everyone's good. Unless the entire group finds out they are being lied to, it's very tough to break that kind of view.
I'm no mathematician, but then again I doubt a five year-old is looking for a mathematician's answer ;) Anyway, and assuming that the five year-old does actually know what a prime number is: Prime numbers are special. Seven is a prime number, but six isn't, as you know. But why should seven be more special than six? Well, for one thing a six is just two threes, or three twos. So anything you can use six for you can also use a combination of threes and twos for. Try do that with seven... and you can't, there's no numbers you can multiply together to make seven ("But what about seven times one?" you might ask, and I'd say "Yes, but that seven is what we're trying to make. You can't make it out of itself.") That's the difference between prime numbers and other, we call them composite, numbers - you can make composite numbers out of prime numbers by multiplying, but you can't make prime numbers like that at all. In a nutshell, prime numbers are the numbers that all the other numbers are made of. That makes them pretty special, useful, and interesting.
There are many types of headaches. I can explain the type caused by a hangover pretty easily... When you're hung over from drinking too much alcohol, your body is dehydrated, so this means your brain, which is filled with a lot of water, is going to shrink a bit. We have a sensitive layer of protection around our brain just under the skull, actually made up of 3 layers, called the meninges. When your brain shrinks a bit from water loss, it pulls inward on this membrane and the nerves inside of it and hence the tension/pressure causes a headache. Some other types of headaches, like said below, are caused by inflammation when blood vessels dilate and put pressure on nerves in the head. This is why headaches can be a pulsating, throbbing pain, because you feel this pressure each time the heart beats. Migraines and cluster headaches are often a whole different story, and the cause of some of them is still unknown. These very painful headaches can be treated with verapamil, for example, which is a medication that lowers your blood pressure. This explains how some of these headaches are caused by inflammation. Lower blood pressure = less pressure by inflammation on nerve cells.
Like you're five, eh 5th Grade... Imagine you are a student in a 5th grade class. One day you stumble across the journal sitting open on the floor of another student named Johnny. In this journal you read that Johnny admits to stealing small amounts of everyone's lunch money while everyone is out during recess. He gives all the detail on how he just steals enough change that no one ever notices, and that he even uses that money to buy apples for the teachers to suck up to them. Johnny has been stealing lunch money from the other students, you have proof, so what should you do? Should you go to the teacher or principal? No! You can't because Johnny is loved by all the teachers because he always sucks up to them with little gifts. Gifts that he buys with the lunch money he steals from the other students. If you go to a teacher, you risk being called a tattle-tale. You might even be punished by staying after school. Should you tell your friends? No! Everyone is friends with Johnny, and likes him. If word got around that you were spreading rumors about him, it will probably get to him. Now, you'd have Johnny and his friends pushing you around during recess. Also, your friends may lose trust in you because you looked through Johnny's stuff.
The way devices like routers are constructed relies on a design called a state machine. All a state machine does is switch between states. Each state performs an action (like sending your request for a website), decides what state it should go to next, and then goes to that next state which follows the same procedure. This sort of system is easy to design, easy to modify, and easy to scale. The problem is that things do go wrong for many different reasons, and it is possible for the router to enter a state where it should not have gone. Once its in this state, it doesn't have any actions to perform, or logic for deciding where to go next. So it just gets stuck there, doing nothing, unable to reset itself. By unplugging/resetting the router, you are forcing it back into a state where it knows what to do, thus resolving the problem. A good design has error correction built in. In these designs, when the router enters a "bad state" it is instructed to reset itself, and for the most part you would never even know it occurred. That being said, these designs cost more money to build and test. Since manually resetting a router isn't as big a deal on a home network as it is on a corporate network, they can make the home routers cheaper (in both senses of the word). It's a trade off.
The movie misleads you. In the real story, Isildur got the ring only after Sauron was defeated. His physical form, the body/form he was wearing, was effectively "killed", and that's what banished him from doing anything in Middle Earth for a long time. By the late third age, he had recovered and returned in a new form, but he still lacked a large portion of his former power because that power was in the ring which was not in his possession. But he was still quite powerful, and he had been rebuilding his old alliances and collecting a vast army in addition. Plus, he had nine Nazgul - wearers of the nine rings for men - as his lieutenants. And the ring was trying to return to him, and it wasn't that unlikely that it would succeed. Defeating him the first time was very hard. It wasn't simply cutting off a finger like it appears in the movie. It certainly wasn't a foregone conclusion; he could have won that war. He lost that time, but that didn't mean he couldn't win this time. Edit: BTW, the ring is actually why he wasn't fully defeated in the first war. Because it contained a significant portion of his power, while it remained intact he couldn't be fully destroyed. Because Isildur kept the ring intact, Sauron was able to continue to exist formlessly for a while, and eventually slowly rebuild his strength.
I think that calling Europe more "liberal" than America a gross oversimplification. The US is a huge country with many different cultures. Compare a liberal area like San Fransisco to a more conservative area (like Utah, maybe?) Then think about the fact that Europe is a whole continent with more than twice the population of the US. My home country of Norway is just as different from Albania as San Fransisco is to Suriname. But I can try to explain the difference between Norway and my perception of the US if you like. Economy: First of all, Norway is not more liberal than the US when it comes to economy. We have rigid regulations and in my perceprion much more government follow-up on those regulations. Starting new businesses is a hassle and you don't need more than a few hundred thousand dollars in turnover before your accounting needs to be done by a certified public accountant. There is a huge bureocracy in place for just about everything and the government has it's say in surprisingly many aspects of the daily runnings of the business. This is a double edged sword, because this means that large business doesn't get free hands, while small business still need to think about things like centralized wage negotiations.
Ok. There are a few misconceptions here, lets get this ironed out one by one: In the US there are two primary cellular technology families: 'CDMA': IS-95, cdma2000, EV-DO 'GSM': GSM, UMTS, HSPA, LTE These technologies are completely incompatible from an air-interface perspective (and the core networks are different, but that is another discussion), which is relevant here. This means your Verizon (CDMA) phone cannot place an emergency call on an AT&T (GSM) network. *There is an exception, however. Some new phones have chipsets that support both GSM and CDMA technologies, for example I know a verizon Galaxy S3 can communicate with GSM networks. But up until not that long ago this was very uncommon. 2. When your phone is in an idle state, it is constantly tracking cells in the area that it might be able to connect to. It can distinguish between cells that are part of its network, and those that are not, and will prefer cells on its home network. If a phone only sees one home network cell, it is likely to track other cells on other networks, so as to best provide service.
This is a stretch, but here goes. Imagine you are at a your school. Now imagine that there is another kindergarten room, and nobody is allowed in there except that class of kindergarteners and their teacher. The teacher (Kim Jong Il) tells his students that he is the best teacher ever, and all the other classes (western countries) are teaching wrong things, and all the other teachers and students are evil. The principal (China) lets this one teacher get away with all of this as long as the teacher makes everything look ok, and keeps the kids in his room. Sometimes kids try to leave the room, but the principal quietly ushers them back to their room, where they are never seen or heard from again. The rest of the school knows that there are many bad things happening in this room, but can't do anything about it because the principal is protecting them. Now imagine that the teacher dies, and leaves one of his students in charge. The student isn't known very well at all to the rest of the school outside the classroom, just that he might have been playing with some fireworks last year.
Four hours and zero real answers. One might presume that the situation is complicated. If you want a good parallel to look at, the Argentine Crisis, recovery. The difference being, of course, that Argentina wasn't part of an economic union. This is important because commerce and trade is usually equalized by varying exchange rates against each other - if I want to sell more olive oil and buy less cheese, I devalue the drachma against the franc and suddenly the French can afford more olive oil and the Greeks can afford less roquefort. The EU, however, did away with this mechanism over 20 years ago (while the Euro came into circulation 10 years ago, the Treaty of Mastricht in 1992 slowed things down). The problem, basically, is that the "value" of any EU country's economy has been changing over the past 10-20 years but the "price" of that country's economy has been locked down. Think of a crumbling wall. There are other bricks besides Greece that are ready to tumble, but Greece looks like it will go first and without Greece there, other bricks will fall. When they do, there will be a nasty bout where "value" and "price" equalize in a free market to make up for 10-20 years of artificial pricing restrictions. The reason everyone freaks out about Greece is that because banking is so fluid and so international, any default of Greek debt causes money flight to Portugal, Italy and Spain (with Greece, the so-called "PIGS" of the EU - not making this up), which are almost as fragile as Greece. The "contagion" (another word used commonly) then spreads to France and the UK which, while robust enough for the time being, may not be able to take the financial shock of a "run on the bank" as large as the Mediterranean coast. How far the banking shock travels is anyone's guess - you're now talking about a pretty sophisticated model without a lot of known inputs.
According to Muslims, the Qur'an is the final revelation of the same story told to the prophets preceding Mohammed, including Noah, Abraham, Moses and Jesus. According the the Qur'an, the message given to those previous prophets had been corrupted and translated so much they were no longer what God intended the message to be, so God gave the same message, start to finish, to Mohammed through the angel Gabriel and said 'this is the last time, guys, don't screw this message up.' If you know your bible you know the Qur'an, it has the same basic story line of Adam, Eve, Flood, Moses, Abraham, Jesus, Armageddon, but with little differences. For example, in the creation story both Adam and Eve are made from earth, instead of Eve being made from Adam's rib, and Adam and Eve eat the fruit together, instead of Eve tempting Adam. The origin story for Jesus is also a little different. Instead of Mary and Joseph going to Bethlehem, Mary was living in cloister, being taken care of by Zacharius, when God created Jesus in her womb. Then pregnant Mary went back to her home town, and gave birth on the way under a date tree. When she got home, her village was really mad because she had a child out of wedlock, but Jesus stood up in his crib and said that he was made by God to spread his word and to cherish his mother. The Qur'an says that Mary is blessed more than any other woman.
Imagine a computer consisting of large amounts of pebble stones, one side black, the other white, which arrangements and pattern represent what (data) the computer calculates with and also how, in which order what it is doing (program), by following a simple set of rules you can make this arrangements of stones calculate everything that's computable according to Turing – relevant XKCD: http://xkcd.com/505/ Stones like these could be called "Bits" Now imagine that instead of being black on one side and white on the other side, those pebble stones have a special color that's flickering and changing between so fast they eye can't tell, but everytime you shine some light on it the stone stops to change its color and shows you either a solid black or white. This is called collapse of the wavefunction (short collapse) in the Kopenhagen interpretation of quantum mechanics (there's also another interpretation called "Many Worlds" but this is even more mind bending, though it makes actually desinging a quantum computer a lot easier, I'm not going to explain it here). Such stones you could call "Quantum Bits" or just Qbits. Now you build a computer from those Qbits. You again follow the simple set of rules where each pattern of stones influences how to set the next pattern of stones. But you may not shine light on it. And because you don't shine light on them you don't know what color each Qbit stone shows. So to make the rules work you have to assume that every Qbit stone arrange may show any possible pattern, which means that with ordinary Bit stones you'd have to lay out every possible new pattern following from the previous one. But those Qbit stones are special, they're able to undergo all those varations at the same time, because of nature to always and constantly change their color until you shine some light on them: So all you have to do is lay them out in a generic pattern, which arrangement you know from the program (calculation) you want to perform and the stones will couple to the previous pattern. By doing several of those arrangements in a row each pattern of Qbits locks to the chain of patterns, slightly shifting the probability for the outcome which color they show when shining light on them.
I'm certain a lot of details will depend on where in the world you are, etc. Here's my take. I recently started a business with a friend of mine - we've worked together at a lot of companies and been friends for ages. Hopefully we'll come out the other end of this still friends ;) I'll describe the order we did things in - I'm sure I'll miss some steps. First up - decide what share of the business everyone gets. talk about it until everyone is satisfied. then get a lawyer to put it on paper. This is hugely important unless you have nothing to lose. It sounds to me like you both have skin in the game already, but this should be one of the first things you agree on then formalise. This will take a while, but you can start the process and have it going on while sorting out the next steps. Trust but verify is super important here - if you can't trust the person you're going in to business with you're screwed, but even if you think you can, get it formalised. That way, if you're right, you're out a few hundred bucks, but if you're wrong you have a process to get untangled. Second - company name. in the UK, you need to register with Companies House, and the best way to do this is to use a lawyer to do it for you. This will set you up with the right to the name and a registered business address for all other legal gubbins. Once that's in place, you can go crazy on domain names, business cards, etc. If you don't have the company name, then you may be wasting time with any existing domains and websites as you may find competitors or other businesses will find your name offensive and kick up a fuss.
There are lots of chemical reactions going on inside your body at any given time, and most of them generate heat. In fact, since your body is thick and solid (as these things go), and made mostly of water (which holds heat very well), you generate enough heat raise your body temperature above 98.6 easily. Much like a computer, you need a heat sink to keep yourself from warming up beyond what you're designed to handle. That heat sink is your skin. But in order for a heat sink to work, there has to be a pretty big difference between the temperature it's trying to cool and the temperature it's bleeding that heat into. The body is designed to function most easily at around what we call 'room temperature.' We set it at that because it's easy to maintain without extra work, and it's therefore comfortable. Below that, you start getting cold, and your body kicks into gear to produce more heat. At the extreme it will cause you to shiver, because muscle contractions produce a lot of heat. When it's warmer than that, your body can't shed enough heat to keep your internal temperature right, so it has to go into sweat mode to get rid of more.
Okay I spent like twenty minutes trying to explain it like I would to a five year old, and I failed, so here it is as simply as possible. First off, you're kind of asking the wrong question. You have to remember that Wall St firms spend billions of dollars lobbying politicians to write laws that benefit them. So, for instance, financial derivatives were largely unregulated- there were very few laws governing them, and they are considered a main cause of the financial crisis. Some people argue that the people on Wall St didn't break any laws, but it's kind of a moot point. They're the ones who wrote the laws, and they wrote them in such a way that they could legally screw their own investors. So whether they committed a "crime" or not doesn't really matter at some level. They still behaved in completely immoral ways that nearly led to the financial collapse of the global financial system, just to line their own pockets. Whether it was illegal or not, it was wrong. That being said, there was a lot of behavior that many people would consider fraud at many levels of the financial system. The collapse was driven mainly by mortgage backed securities. Basically, back in the day, if you wanted a loan to buy a house, you'd go to your bank and they'd give you a loan to buy your house, and then you'd pay them back over twenty or thirty years. They had a lot of interest in making sure you could pay your loan back, because if you didn't they were out of a ton of money.
To make it short: Knox was living with Meredith. Both are from upper middle class families from US and UK respectively. Knox is naive and generally only book smart and not street smart. She has her 1st bf while in Italy on a study abroad program. One night she comes back home and finds blood in the house and toilet which isn't flushed. Seems weird enough. Runs back to her bf's house and they call the other Italian roommates. A bunch of low level cops (who are used to investigate petty crimes) show up and are generally incompetent as fuck. Crime scene is already contaminated. After breaking into the room, they find Meredith stabbed. The killer was extremely inexperienced (didn't even bother to cover up, left feet marks, tried to wipe blood with towels and just decided to leave it halfway through). The other roommates fly away to UK or lawyer up pretty quickly. Knox being fucking stupid decides to stay around until Meredith's parents come. Her family sort of agrees because at this point she's just so innocent that no one would think of her as a killer. Bring in a crazy prosecutor who fanatic over satanic rituals, an easy foreign target will easily be blamed. She ends up signing a confession because again, she's just so fucking stupid and doesn't really think of herself as a suspect. She also barely understands Italian so the whole case isn't exactly on her side. The prosecutor makes a weird story about how she killed her flatmate because of a weird satanic ritual and also accuses her bf of covering up. At this point the Italian media doesn't help either because, a foreigner killing for sexy satanic ritual would make any editor orgasm.
If you look at cloth up close, you can tell its made up of lots of tiny threads woven together. If you look at those threads really close with a microscope, you can see they look like tiny tangled springs or curly phone cords. When you wear your clothes, these little curls stretch out a bit. How much depends on what kind of fabric it is. Some are much more stretchy, and some are less. These springs can go back to being curly, but that also depends on what kind of fabric it is. This also takes some energy to do, because they aren't quite like springs. When you wash your clothes in hot water or put it in the dryer, the heat is actually a form of energy. This energy, in the right amount, is enough to make those stretched out phone cord fibers curl back up again. Sometimes we use too much energy though and they curl up way too much. As I mentioned earlier, different types of fabric stretch different amounts, but they also can take different amounts of energy to get back to their original size. That's why some of the things you wash shrink less than others. Once you know which types of fabric can take which amounts of heat/energy, you can make sure you don't use too much.
does the pigmentation get copied by new cells? does it just stain the flesh itself & seep through? here is the source for the seven year regeneration information. /u/thisisntnamman explained quite well & has the most upvotes, here's the answer: "Your skin has layers. The two big ones are the epidermis and the dermis. The epidermis is the highly cellular one with lots of cell division and shedding. The dermis is blow that layer. It is not nearly as cellular. There is a lot of non-cell connective tissue, fibers and elastics that hold skin together and support all the other little organs in skin. (Latin of the day: epi = above, or above dermis) A tattoo doesn't put ink in your epidermis. So skin division doesn't effect it. The point of the tattoo needed is to drive the ink below your epidermis into the dermis. Not into any cells but into that fibrous tissue between cells (there's a lot in the dermis). Once there it's stuck. There isn't much cell division or circulation or fluid movement to wash the ink out. So it stays there for a long time. Oh it will degrade, some ink does shed, the dermis breaks down as we get older. So you do loose the vibrant colors and fine shapes. Henna is an example of ink into the epidermis, it looks pretty but is shed off after only a week."
Your skin has layers. The two big ones are the epidermis and the dermis. The epidermis is the highly cellular one with lots of cell division and shedding. The dermis is blow that layer. It is not nearly as cellular. There is a lot of non-cell connective tissue, fibers and elastics that hold skin together and support all the other little organs in skin. (Latin of the day: epi = above, or above dermis) A tattoo doesn't put ink in your epidermis. So skin division doesn't affect it. The point of the tattoo needle is to drive the ink below your epidermis into the dermis. Not into any cells but into that fibrous tissue between cells (there's a lot in the dermis). Once there it's stuck. There isn't much cell division or circulation or fluid movement to wash the ink out. So it stays there for a long time. Oh it will degrade, some ink does shed, the dermis breaks down as we get older. So you do lose the vibrant colors and fine shapes. Henna is an example of ink into the epidermis, it looks pretty but is shed off after only a week. Edit: Ze grammars
(please don't let the wall of text scare you away, it turned out a bit long but I've made good effort to try and make it fun to read, including asking for friends' input (I make procrastination an art form). Also, please notice that I exceeded the 10k characters limit, so I'll be splitting this text in two). Hmm OK. To understand how this happens you need to have some intuition about the geometry of general relativity. The problem is that it is a bit not intuitive, as we're not mentally equipped to imagine higher dimensions. Instead of waving around some very general descriptions, I'll try and actually explain the math behind it to some degree, I promise not to be too formal, but I will go in deep enough to emphasize all the nuances I think are crucial for a good grasp of the physical aspect of it all. Whenever I feel some clarification is borderline, I'll add it in parens. One very basic structure in geometry is what called a manifold. Formally, an n-dimensional manifold is any geometrical shape in n-dimensions which is locally homeomorphic to an euclidean space.
Most likely you are allergic to either a pet or dust mites. It is easiest to rule out, so start with this. Pet: Your pet sleeps on your bed. It's dander/hair is on your pillow/sheets. In your sleep you breathe in this stuff all night long. Your body reacts with cold-like symptoms. Dust mites: You sleep in your bed, dust mites and dead skin fall off, you breathe them in all night long. Same reaction Fix: Ban pets from the bedroom, wash your sheets and dry them properly. Double up your pillow cases, washing the outside one every time you do laundry and the inside one every other time. Vacuum, dust, and clean your pillows (beat them outside, tumble dry on low, or whatever setting they indicate). If you still get these symptoms after two weeks, you should see a doctor about A) chronic sinus infection (laying down exasperates it, standing/sitting up drains and relieves pressure) or B) sleep apnea. Solutions provided in order of likelyhood and cost effectiveness. Source: Allergic to cats, dust mites, trees, and grass. Been there, done that.
The short answer is that big time porn studios aren't making as much money as before, but not just because of free content. It also has a lot to do with what else is out there, like webcam sites, phone sex and custom clip production. Porn as a market is actually still making a lot of money, but the large distributors are making less. The reason is the internet along with affordable prosumer level camera equipment have allowed the market share to slip into the hands of small studios and individual producers. Anyone can now make reasonable quality porn and distribute it on the various clips sites. This means that niche content and the reputation market mean a lot more. Large studios haven't been able to adapt to this because their model depended on high overhead and mass distribution to create a barrier for small studios, but both of those barriers have collapsed. Now on the many many clips sites you can buy individual scenes for a few dollars and only buy more if you liked what you saw. This doesn't play well to the large studios that produce content for mass appeal and lowest common denominator but it plays very well to small studios and amateur producers who can find their small market share. The notable exception to this is the small guys that are basically just producing the same stuff as the large studios, or worse yet, buying the b roll's from large studios wholesale to resell on their niche website. The large studios seem incapable of producing successful niche content.
Since this is Explain like I'm five: What javascript is As you said, HTML is for content and CSS is for styling. Javascript, however, is a programming language. When used in the browser, it's mostly used to make things fancy and add functionality that would otherwise require a full reload from the page. (Javascript is not used exclusively on the browser, it's a programming language that can do everything any other language like python or C++ can, and in fact, although it has many flaws, it's a pretty cool language for web programming). How javascript is used So where's javascript used on reddit? If reddit existed in 1995, before javascript came along, clicking the save button to post this comment would send a POST HTTP request to reddit and the page would reload. Even if I could send the POST request without reloading somehow, my version of the webpage would not change (the comment would not appear), since there would be no way to update the HTML of the page dynamically while the user has the page open. There would be no other way to get content from the server. However, now that javascript exists, clicking to post will not submit a request directly. Instead, it will trigger some javascript code that is executed within the browser. This piece of javascript can do pretty much everything with the data. In this case, it will check that the comment textbox is not empty, if it's not it will take it's content and send it to the server reloading the page. The server (and I will explain why/how later) will receive the request, process it in some way, save it in some kind of database and return a reply that will hopefully be along the lines of "Ok, I saved the comment, kkthxbb". The javascript client will receive this reply and update your version of the webpage by closing the textbox and making the comment visible.
Your question is phrased in such a way that an ELI5 really isn't possible. However, I'll try to be simple: There's two ways of separating salt & water. The first is by boiling or evaporation. You can do this experiment yourself if you leave a bowl of salty water out in the sun for a few days. You'll end up with salt crystals in the bowl and no water because the water has evaporated. Add a method to capture that water and you've successfully made a small scale desalination plant. The big commercial plants don't actually boil the water via heat, rather they lower the pressure so that the water boils at a much lower temperature. The other way is via a technique called reverse osmosis. You can do this yourself by getting some muddy water and pouring it through some cheescloth into a bowl. What comes out of the cheesecloth will be fairly clean and you'll get a lot of muddy cloth. The big commercial plants use much higher pressure to force the salty water through a semi-permeable membrane. So reverse osmosis uses less energy than vacuum distillation but both of them still use way more energy than pumping fresh water out of a river. This is a big issue because, along with water shortages, we're also having difficulty finding ways to generate power without wrecking our environment.
It's coloring time in class again, YAY!! Just like every coloring time your teacher gives everyone a random color from the crayon box. Today you got green and you draw an aligator. The teacher loved your alligator and decided to spend the rest of the day talking about reptiles. This is a turning point in your life because you realize how much you love reptiles and that love stays with you your entire life. Fast forward 30 years and you are a world renowned biologist who specializes in reptilian behavior. The ladies adore you and you make millions of dollars every year. Now back up. You only got green because little Sally got green yesterday and put it back in the crayon box next to the yellow that you got yesterday. And she only put it in the box next to yellow because she was the last to put her crayon away since she had to blow her nose and missed the teachers first go round to collect crayons. If she hadn't blown her nose yesterday she would have put her green crayon in first and that would have changed the order of crayons in the box. You would have instead gotten pink and drawn a picture of a heart. Your teacher loves your drawing and decides to talk about hearts. This also is a turning point in your life. You decide to study medicine and end up a renowned heart surgeon. Unfortunately you have always had a love of reptiles for some reason and while performing surgery on a patient you find yourself thinking about alligators and accidentally put their heart in backwards. Your patient sues you for malpractice. You lose your license and end up homeless and on the street.
As explained to me by an ENT: As other people have said, that noise is called tinnitus. It is a symptom of hearing loss caused by damage to the nerve that goes to the brain that carries hearing. Have you ever heard of "phantom pain" that people experience when they lose a limb? Their brain tells them "your foot hurts" even though the foot isn't there anymore. This is because the nerves that go to the foot that carried the "foot pain" signal are still in the leg. They have been injured in the process of losing the foot, so they keep sending the message, "something is wrong down here!!!" to the brain. Those signals go to a part of the brain that understands pain, so your brain says, "there's pain down there!" The same idea applies to your ears. The nerve that carries the "noise signal" to the brain gets hurt over time as a normal part of aging, especially with loud noise exposure (why your ears ring after a loud concert). When that nerve sends the, "something is wrong here!" signal to your brain, it doesn't go to a "pain" part of the brain, it goes to the "noise" part of the brain, since that's what that nerve does. Just like the nerve in the leg makes the brain think there is pain in a foot that isn't there, the ear nerve makes the brain think its hearing noise even when it's not really there.
The United States probably won't ever completely be debt free. We've had debt since 1791 (edit: except for one year under Andrew Jackson). We were once on track to become debt free! But that was under Clinton and changed once George W. Bush took office. This and this list only 3-4 countries which don't have debt. A government having a debt is much more complex than a household or a person having a debt. It's not as simple as "debt = bad" or "when a person is in debt they're trying to pay it off, so when a country is in debt they're trying to pay it off". It's also not as simple as "debt is good in all circumstances". When will that come back and bite them in the ass When and if. And the answer is: no one knows either answer with certainty. If you want an example of what you're describing, look up the crisis in Greece. Here is the wikipedia page, using a search engine (and possibly the search button here) will be beneficial. What basically happened is: Greece had a lot of debt. Investors thought Greece wouldn't be able to repay them if they loaned Greece money.
I recommend reading this article, it's about the Universal Postal Union. This describes, generally, the process and agreements for international mail. The UPU established that: There should be a uniform flat rate to mail a letter anywhere in the world Postal authorities should give equal treatment to foreign and domestic mail Each country should retain all money it has collected for international postage. So I don't have a specific answer for you, but I do have information that can help you. The gist of it is that there are deliveries between the relevant agencies and that they work together under the obligations of the UPU in order maintain international consistency. Interesting anecdote(s) regarding direct delivery between countries, though... The Republic of China joined the UPU on March 1, 1914. After the People's Republic of China was founded, the Republic of China continued to represent China in the UPU, until the organization decided on April 13, 1972 to recognize the People's Republic of China as the only legitimate Chinese representative. Because of this, International Reply Coupons are not available for Taiwan. Mail addressed to Taiwan is still delivered there, albeit through a third country.[which?]
Reposted as a top level by request... The pain from a headache comes from the meninges that surround the brain like plastic wrap. Your meninges are innervated somatically just like other parts of your body that feel pain. When there's pressure on your meninges, you get a headache. When you're dehydrated and hungover, you get a headache because the lack of fluid surrounding your brain makes the meninges pull since your brain has shrunk slightly. This causes the pain. Your heart is surrounded by pericardium which is innervated similarly to the meninges. You feel referred pain in a heart attack in your shoulder, not your chest. That's because the same nerves (cervical nerves 3,4 and 5) innervate your shoulder (specifically 3 and 4). Most of the pain signals coming from those levels are from your shoulder, because you get hit in the shoulder way more often than you have a heart attack. Your brain assumes that this is the case during a heart attack and refers the pain to your shoulder along with your chest.
Choice of a dominant hand is important for high dexterity tasks. The left and right hemispheres are separate and control different hands. Dexterous hand movements are stored in parts of the motor cortex, each hand has its own memory of dexterous hand movements (because of the separation of hemispheres). These can be used and adapted for different tasks. If you are required to perform a new task that has no analogue stored in your memory then the movement will be controlled predominantly by the prefrontal cortex. The prefrontal cortex has some, but not many, connections to the motor cortex. By choosing one hand over the other then all of your life's dexterous tasks will be stored in one hemisphere for one hand to use. If you split it in half then you are essentially training each hand to half the quality. You will find that ambidextrous people are in general less dexterous. People with a dominant hand can teach the other to be dexterous at certain tasks, but without a lifetime of training it will not take to general tasks as quickly. For example, I play guitar which requires a specifically dexterous use of my left hand (I am right handed), but that and typing are about all I can do efficiently with my left hand. Its an evolutionary thing, one dexterous hand and one not very good hand is better than two half dexterous hands. By half dexterous I don't mean exactly half, just not as good.
All that yelling is the process by which an order from someone who wants to buy is matched to an order from someone who wants to sell. The vast, vast majority of orders today are processed entirely electronically from beginning to end, through the major stock, derivatives, and commodity exchanges and through non-exchange entities called electronic communications networks or crossing networks. The old system that was used prior to the introduction of electronic order matching - still in use for a relatively small volume of trades on certain securities, especially commodity futures - is called open outcry. Here's how it works. Everyone who wants to trade a security gathers in a certain area, often a large depression, or "pit", on the exchange floor. Typically you'll have a pit for each security - for instance, you'd have a pit for corn futures, another for soybean futures, and so forth. The people who congregate in a pit are called floor traders. Usually floor traders need to buy a seat on the exchange (or work for a firm that owns a seat) in order to be permitted to conduct trades in the pit. In some cases, floor traders are placing orders for their own account. More frequently, they are acting as brokers and placing orders on behalf of their customers. (Sometimes their customers are also brokers who don't own exchange seats - so the end customer can be several steps removed).
Okay, basically dampew and the others were right. It can be proved that pi =/= a/b, where a and b are rational numbers integers. Thus, it is irrational. It goes on forever without repeating or terminating. A simpler example would be a similar proof as to why the square root of 2 is irrational. The proof for pi follows the same principle. First, we assume that √2 is rational. Then we can express it as a/b, where a and b are rational integers. Also, a and b are reduced to their lowest terms; so if it was, say, 38/8, we would write it as 19/4. Now, what we have here is √2 = a/b. If we square both sides, 2 = a2 / b2 Now, we can carry the b2 over to the other side, so we get: 2b2 = a2 Now this means that a2 has to be an even number, because it's 2 times b2 . Any number that's 2 times another has to be even. Also, the square root of an even perfect square is even. (Refer to krypton86's comment here) So, a is an even number too. Now, let a be equal to 2 times x. It doesn't matter what the value of x is, you'll soon see why. If we substitute that value - a = 2x - in the original equation we had after squaring both side, we notice that
This is a really big question. You might find the Simple Wikipedia article of the history of Christianity gives you a deeper, but still accessible, overview than is really possible here. The history of Christianity is pretty complex, and "denominations" have played a large roll throughout its development. I'll try to give a general overview, but bear in mind it's very simplified. Early on in the history of Christianity, there were a lot of disagreements about what following the teachings of Jesus meant. Most Christians agreed on certain key points, and this became the Catholic Church. Catholic means "universal". Some people disagreed and the Catholic Church said they were "heretics", acting against the teachings of Jesus. In 1054, there was a big fight in the Catholic Church, mostly about what Jesus' precise relationship to God & the Holy Spirit is, what kind of bread to use in Communion, how much authority the Pope has, and the importance of Constantinople. The result of the fight was the Eastern Orthodox Church split from the Roman Catholic Church, and it does not recognize the authority of the Pope among other differences. By the 1500s, a lot of people thought the Roman Catholic Church was doing bad things, like selling forgiveness, and wasn't following the teachings of Jesus. A man named Martin Luther is credited with starting the Reformation in 1517, trying to clean up the Roman Catholic Church. The Church didn't like that much & they kicked him out (excommunicated him). Lutheranism gets its name from Martin Luther. Other people like John Calvin (Calvinism) were also very influential in the Reformation. Protestant denominations starting forming rapidly during this time. Protestant denominations tend focus on faith rather than acts, and the Bible as the final authority on earth instead of the Pope.
A layer of skin called the stratum lucidum is found in frequently used areas of the body, like your palms and the soles of your feet. The added protection of this extra layer means you don't need extra melanin in your palms or feet, so the skin is lighter. EDIT: To clarify. Melanin is what makes skin dark, and it protects the body from many things. Perhaps its most important job is to protect the body from harmful UV rays emitted by the sun. That is why people with darker skin typically have ancestral origins in places where the sun's rays have more power (i.e. nearer to the equator). Even though melanin is good for protecting against the sun, it does have its downsides, too. For example, melanin obstructs the body's absorption of vitamin D from sunlight. This can have a negative impact on health. So, if certain factors dictate that the body doesn't particularly need melanin (e.g. people in northern climates, the palms of your hands and the soles of your feet), then evolution will weed it out. EDIT 2: A word
WWI: Powerful and large empires Prussia and Austria Hungary. Lots of natural resources, fertile land and lots of people. Also, a comparably large industry compared to its neighbour countries. WWII: A whole country going "all-in", fuelled by nationalism. After WWI, Germany was more or less raped by the winning nations. Hitler made the Germans feel strong, so they followed him. Post-WWII: Infrastructure got destroyed, so new stuff had to be built => good roads, good powerplants, good telephone, ... General attitudes that help a lot: -Good work is HIGHLY valued, especially in trade, engineering and science. Education even more so. (Every decent sized city has a university and education is and has been for a long time free). -Keep your head down and do as you're told. Pretty much most of the time, if a superior tells a German to do something, he'll do it. On time and in good quality. Why? In business/engineering/... because your superior usually worked his way up (CEOs of some of the largest Corporations in Germany are or had been Engineers, chemists etc., in small business your master was an apprentice at some point as well...) and knows his shit. In politics, because very rarely the German politician tried to screw you over, so in most cases it was for a good reason.
Ok, so first you're going to need to know a bit about compression. Say you had a text file that's full of nothing but the letter A over and over, for like a thousand A's. You could represent that in a lot less space by writing "A x 1000". In a GIF file, it's stored sorta the same way. Instead of going "green pixel, green pixel, green pixel, blue pixel", it stores it as "green pixel x 3, blue pixel", saving big patches of the same color as one big block of that color, instead of recording each pixel individually. This works really well for simple, cartoony images, with large sections of the same color, but it doesn't work very well for photographic images with lots of shades to them. GIFs are just plain bad for photographic images, which is what high quality videos are made from. On top of the fact that GIF is bad at photos, proper video codecs are optimized not only for photographic images, but they can compress images through time. In a GIF file, each frame is a separate picture, compressed individually, and no matter what's on the next frame, it compresses the same, whereas video codecs can compare similar frames, figure out which parts are moving faster than others, and not have to store parts of the background for each frame.
Wow. The top four posts are variations of "they're stupid." They're not. they're scared. Vaccine "skeptics" aren't "anti-vaccine" any more than global warming "skeptics" are "anti-environment." There are many positions from "shithouse-rat-crazy" to "I did just fine with the chicken pox, so will Johnny." Their positions rarely come from stupidity however, and they typically have the following arguments. Note that these are not my arguments, I'm not going to defend them, and I'm not going to pretend that they're iron-clad so don't try and pick a fight with me over them. The vaccination schedule is triple or quadruple what it was thirty years ago without any appreciable decrease in child mortality. 80% of vaccines are made by 5 for-profit companies. The pharmaceutical industry wags the dog on FDA regulation, such as lobbying for new cholesterol numbers to sell more Lipitor. Action by the FDA often comes after the damage has been done, such as 130,000 heart attacks, 40% of them fatal, from an arthritis medication. Others have mentioned Andrew Wakefield; here's that discussion in handy comic format. The other influential piece of literature was from Robert F Kennedy in Salon; it Many people like to point the finger at Jenny McCarthy but c'mon. It's not like she had a lot of credibility or the attention of parents deciding that vaccines gave her son autism (which he doesn't have, incidentally). More likely that she gave a mouthpiece to a nascent movement.
Mechanical Engineer here. I've never worked specifically with manufacturing electrical motors, but here is why I imagine this is the case. In a dial type motor speed setting, the first movement from off to on completes the circuit. Each click beyond 'on' increases the resistance in the circuit, causing the fan speed to be lower. If the resistance was added through impedance, as in the case of a potentiometer, each 'click' engages another section of windings on the coil. During your 'off to on' approach to completing the circuit, I believe it would be much easier to engage the end of a induction loop (that is, from the leaving side of the inductor). To approach from the other end (which would mean starting at low setting), you'd have to cleverly design/machine a system for engaging the inductor that would protect the motor at low limit. Here is a poorly drawn diagram that may explain it a little more clearly (and may better comply with ELI5 rules). Note: This ONLY applies to very low amp draw motors (typically fractional horse power). Bigger motors use vastly different methods of controlling the inflow of current and do not use dials for setting speed.
Its because there are fewer cultural niches for gender expression. In our culture we have a defined group for lesbians, gays, bisexuals and transgender people, and many many subgroups for other sexual expressions. In Thailand, if you are born male and do not conform to sexual norms, you are kathoey, whether you are transgender, homosexual, bisexual or whatever. In western culture we have a clearly defined "drag queen" culture, but in Thailand a drag queen and a trans woman are not distinct groups. If you are a cis man (cis being opposite of trans) in Thailand and have even the slightest amount of effeminate behavior, the culture expects you to go full-out female with your gender presentation. There is no room for effeminate gay males in Thailand. But there is another side to this coin. In the USA, for example, trans women are encouraged to "pass" - meaning they are not detectably trans, and therefore it is easy for trans women in America to become invisible. Trans women face some of the harshest discrimination in the US, and there is more violence towards trans women than any other sexual minority. Hundreds of women in America are killed each year because of their trans status. There is a LOT of pressure to "pass", based on personal safety alone. In Thailand, they have the kathoey niche, where it is much more acceptable to be a trans woman, and therefore they are much more visible. Famous women are often trans in Thailand, and are celebrated as such. I'd be hard pressed to name even one venerated and famous trans woman in America.
If you went in either direction, you wouldn't be the smartest, but the smart people in both societies would talk to you and mine you for information. In the past they'd extract what they could of your scientific and military knowledge. In the future they'd extract your historical knowledge. Philosophically they'd regard you as damaged goods going in either direction but perhaps you'd be able to hold a conversation on the subject if you're well read. And that's not a knock on you. It'd be the same for nearly anyone except a philologist going backwards or Tesla-level genius (with the ability to quickly synthesize ideas; this is important) going forwards. C.S. Lewis has a great scene like this in Out of the Silent Planet when the Sorn interview Ransom about his knowledge of Earth. They are simply amazed at how little he knows about his own planet, but based on statements he makes, they are able to piece together more information than he was able to share. One interesting thing about this scene was that he was able to capture the folly of our believing ourselves to be smarter than the past, and believing the future to supersede us in every way. Good thought. It is really interesting to imagine how such conversations might go and to become better at imagining it by reading history and old books and then extrapolating to the future.
I was a party host at Chuck E. Cheese's one Summer in high school. It was a loud, stressful, messy, shitty job. By the end of the shift you'd be exhausted and coated in this patina of dirty water, leftover birthday cake, sweat, garbage fluids, and soda syrup . It created a distinct smell that I will always remember--a combination of rot and sweetness. Anyway, we would take turns dressing up as Chuck E. It was called "waking Chuck E. up". The suit was really cumbersome, especially the large head. It was also very, very hot and stinky from the accumulated sweat of its wearers. When I was done wearing it I would go stand in the walk-in cooler for a good 5 minutes. The rule was that we were to stay in the designated, reserved party area while dressed as Chuck E. This was somewhat segregated from the general arcade section of the restaurant. However, one day my boss told me to get in the suit and go mingle out on the floor with the general crowd. As soon as I stepped out of the kitchen door as Chuck E. all of the playing and screaming stopped. The room fell silent, save for the occasional bleep-bloop of a video game. I was surrounded by a sea of startled, wide-eyed faces. Then they rushed me. All Hell broke loose.
Once upon a time in Fukuoka there was a boy who fell off his father's horse and broke his arm. It had to be amputated. Everyone said, how awful. The other boys, being boys, picked on the defenseless young man. At his wits end after years of abuse the young man sought out the sensei of the local dojo, a shotokan school. He was turned away. "I cannot teach a one armed boy!" So the young man rode to a nearby village with his all he owned in a satchel and presented himself to the kendo school, where he summarily turned away. The same story repeated itself several times when, at his wits end, he found himself crying on the steps of the sumo school in Kyoto, then the capital, with no money, no food and nowhere to turn. His clothes ragged from months of travel and his body bruised and dirty from sleeping rough. It was there that a famous Jujitsuoka saw him and took pity on him and invited him to his dojo. This jujitsu master was samurai, and had seen some friends also lose arms and continue to fight. And so the young man began to train. But the old samurai would only teach him one move. Not how to fall. Not how to stand. Not even the rules of official competition - just one move. And then he entered him into the local martial arts championship. The prize being a not insubstantial sum of money... and a sword.
Initially it'd be pretty interesting at first, if a draft were implemented in many parts of Europe and America you'd have all sorts of discussion about it here. I can imagine parts of reddit turning into an American propaganda machine while other smaller boards try to remain rational as the world devolves into chaos around them. In the days leading to war things would get pretty hot and heavy, depending on how the inciting action plays out (if we had another Pearl Harbor-esque incident, or really anything clearly done by one world power against another it's not difficult to imagine the normal jokes becomming more spiteful). You'd then see a shift in the initial outrage from directed at the offending party to merely the leadership of the party as people try to remind one another that every citizen is not a soldier nor is each soldier a general. Then depending on how the war plays out (nuclear v. non-nuclear) you would either hear less and less on reddit from those affected areas as telecommunications are brought down and the news would shift again towards traditional photograph and paper until it could reach parts of the world still connected to the internet, or, more chillingly, one day you would simply stop seeing posts from people in certain cities. Of course, realistically, each nation's cyber-defense branch would disable everyone's internet and we'd all have to go outside. A fate far worse than death.
As a student with one semester left, and student loans, I am rapidly approaching the moment when I stop consuming vastly more than I produce, money-wise. I'll be going from spending about $30,000+ (mostly on school) a year, only $2,000 of which I earn; to being expected to begin paying back roughly $30,000 in debt while supporting myself by the spring of '14. That, to me is a larger shift than the change from high-school to college, and I don't have a solid plan either. I could probably get an alright job that will pay the bills and loan payments, but to capitalise on my degree, I am driven to probably move to a foreign country and start a professional life, the nature of which is unbeknownst to my current self. (international studies degrees do better overseas) I could be learning a new language, I'll probably leave all my friends behind, I'll be learning a new occupation, and trying not to mess it up, while living on half my wages because the repayment of the loans doesn't account for salaries in under-developed countries. The main thing I've done for society up-until this point is go to school to invest in my own skills. I've been doing that for about 18 years. Now, it is over.
http://imgur.com/kx7eG I came across this word and was reminded of a friend who had passed just the other day. We met in an inpatient hospital. I was there because of a suicide attempt and she was there because of her heroin addiction. I kept thinking of how my mom and dad, friends, teachers, acquaintances, and the like would've reacted had I died the day of my attempt. Then I started making up different scenarios of how people would take the news and continue on with their lives. Then I thought about my friend and how she probably had these thoughts as well. She would think of her own mother and father, and her friends, and her acquaintances, and everyone else in between. She enjoyed her own set of childhood pleasures and played tag with the person she had a crush on and put bandages on her scraped knees when she fell on the pavement and felt incredible pain and cried for hours at a time for own reasons. And so did her father. And the people surrounding his life. Everyone that he's ever interacted with had their own lives just as complex and unique as his and hers and my mother's and mine and yours. Hell, let's go deeper. I even read a showerthought that said that the Queen of England took a shit today. Think about that. Princess Di took shits, Abraham Lincoln took shits. Fuckin' Selena Gomez and her mama took shits. I take shits. You take shits. The people who just fucking rang my door bell looking for my housemate at this goddamned, unreasonable hour took shits. (Fuck them it's 3AM.) The amalgamated mass of my perception of the collective human consciousness began to unravel and divide and separate into individual specks filled with people's favorite meals and songs that they never got tired of. We often tend to forget how human we really are. So think about this next time you feel intimidated towards your superior, the girl you've been meaning to ask out, the random stranger you almost awkwardly brushed hands with as you walk beside them in the hallway. Tonight, I'm going to think about my friend and what she would've thought of this post if I had the chance to show it to her. It's quite beautiful and also insanely mind-numbing knowing that there's this sort of almost paradoxical like connection felt in the uniqueness of every individual's life. There is comfort amongst this ocean of beautiful bodies. Rest in peace, Michelle.
I feel like 1700 grown men can beat a T-rex in a fight. Especially 1700 extra grown men. Strong mother fuckers. So a fully grown male T-Rex is like 12,000lbs. Well, that's just 55 Tom Brady's. Not so tough now is it? So this is how it would go down: Peyton Manning is striding up and down his war line on top of his massive steed. On the field he's lined up every single D-line in the NFL side by side. A line of 300 men stretching 1000 feet. Another line, similar to the first, made up of every O-line in the NFL stands behind them. This is the van. Behind these two lines are tight balls of Wide Receivers and Wide Outs. Manning, the genius that he is, has decided to use these men as a distraction. Their amazing speed and agility will confuse the Beast. And behind them is the cavalry. Everybody else. The Safety, Tackles, RB's, and special teams. Their job is crucial. Their is job is key. Their job is to bring the Beast down. To KILL the BEAST. Riding down the line on his war charger, Peyton holds out a football and taps everybody lightly on the helmet. When he has rode all the way down the line he turns and faces his men.
I'm assuming that despite what everyone keeps saying about FTL travel, humanity will be forced to travel at sub FTL speeds. Slowly humanity will leave the solar system, if not out of curiosity, then out of necessity as the sun will eventually make the solar system uninhabitable. At that point, every Ship or group of ships that part ways will begin the creation of new species. In order to create a new species, one needs a genetically isolated populace, and time. Given the fact that it would be essentially impossible to try to make every single ship stop the genetic isolation it would impose, as humanity drifts through the galaxy, forming new home worlds, eventually it won't be humanity as we know it doing it, but thousands of new species that all have ancestry to a floating rock thousands or millions of light years away. It's amazing to think that perhaps in the future there will be species that relate to me and you that would be completely alien in language, looks, thought, and genetics.
I found a way to win the lottery every time. Of the average dollar spent on the lottery, about half goes into winnings. So the average return for a lottery investment is 50 cents to the dollar. With that baseline, by using my method, I can double the return rate to 100 cents on the dollar. That method, of course, is not to play at all. Out of every dollar you spend using this method, you keep all of it. A criticism of my method is that you don't tend to win as much as the biggest winners. But that depends on your definition of winning. Given the sharply increased chances for a violent death after winning the lottery, the big money "winners" aren't winning at all. But what about the schools? Lottery money supports schools, doesn't it? Yes, it does. According to one source I found, 30 cents of the average lottery dollar goes to schools. Let me suggest going to a school and asking what donations they'll accept. Perhaps they could use lined paper, for example. If you buy one dollar worth of lined paper for a school, 100 percent of that dollar went to schools. So depending on your definition of success, I've outlined two methods for winning the lottery consistently.
She would be happy because she wrote the diary intending for people to read it. Frank's already budding literary ambitions were galvanized on 29 March 1944 when she heard a broadcast made by the exiled Dutch Minister for Education, Art and Science, Gerrit Bolkestein, calling for the preservation of "ordinary documents—a diary, letters ... simple everyday material" to create an archive for posterity as testimony to the suffering of civilians during the Nazi occupation, and on 20 May notes that she has started re-drafting her diary with future readers in mind. She expanded entries and standardized them by addressing all of them to Kitty, clarified situations, prepared a list of pseudonyms, and cut scenes she thought would be of little interest or too intimate for general consumption. ... Anne Frank decided that when the war was over she would publish a book based on her diary. Because she did not survive the war, it fell instead to her father to see her diary published. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Diary_of_a_Young_Girl
It's you, I thought I'd never find you. James was it? Anyway thank you. You really changed my life. I now have a wife and 2 children and live in the most amazing little town here in Wisconsin. I tried to use your money to buy crack but they would not allow me as it was not enough. Soon after that escapade I started saving up my money and got my self a suit, and a haircut...I then applied at several places and got a job as a mover, soon after I quit and got myself an office job. I met the most wonderful woman there and we rented an apartment together as I had still been homeless she took me in. She told me how much I reminded her of her late husband,Ronald, and her son George immediately took a liking to me, she gave me Ronald's clothes and we started living as a family then Christmas came and I asked her to marry me. She knew I didn't have the money for a ring or a big wedding but she said yes anyway. A couple of weeks later and we find out she's pregnant, she calls her mother who asked us to move in with them in Wisconsin and so we did. Fast forward a bit and Matthew was born premature, May 13th but still he was our miracle. So now I'm here in Wisconsin with my new family trying to make it as a worker for Liberty Tax Mutual, it's hard but we get by, who would have thought in two short years this could've happened and all because of you. Thank You~Jus T. T. Rollinya
Though we are creating data at a truly prodigious rate, we are also losing data at unparalleled speeds. How many of us still have 5 1/2in floppy disks, Laserdisks, or Beta cassette players? How long will it be before hard drive architecture is completely revolutionized, requiring all earlier data to be re-uploaded? We went about 800 years using the Written English Language format and still lost the vast majority of anything that ever got written. With us changing to improved formats every decade, how much more and how much faster are we losing things? And that doesn't even cover what happens if we lose technology after a disaster. With the disaster itself, we could lose whole terabytes from hardware destruction, and then after the disaster will we ever be able to reconstruct modern codecs and programming languages? The internet is really big and really cool, and if everything goes perfectly you are absolutely correct, but it seems more likely that not everything will go perfectly, and each imperfection will cause us to lose a larger quantity of data than we could have imagined a hundred years ago. My last computer's hard drive dwarfed the capacity of the Library of Alexandria, but the Library stood for centuries, while that hard drive crapped out in three years.
I believe Wolverine actually fed off himself at one point, but it doesn't make sense that he did that. He has to expend energy to regenerate the damage and to digest the meal. He's better off not eating and letting his regeneration keep his body working, even though he would feel extremely hungry (so maybe his lack of self-control caused it.) And because he doesn't have unlimited energy, he probably wouldn't want another person eating him unless he knew that rescue was on its way soon, but not soon enough for a normal human to survive starvation. Since your scenario requires cannibalism, I think you're likely starving unless you're the love of his life -- and if you get crazy hungry and attack him, you're definitely dead. I think Wolverine knows enough people who can find him using extraordinary means that this is an unlikely scenario, but if it were to happen, I think Wolverine's best option would be to use his ancient knowledge to figure out a way to puff you up like a balloon and ride you like a raft to safety. His regeneration means that he can kick for a very long time while hanging onto your bloated corpse. Any sharks that come by become Wolverine food. Of course, he will respectfully wait for you to die before he uses you in this way.
It's because what once was fluid has become static. No matter what you do, you'll never get that story to move like it did before. I liken it to watching over the shoulder of a true-life painter as he puts a busy street on the canvas. What will he include and not include? Where will each new brushstroke take you? The wonderment that fills you as the blank canvas becomes filled with people and cars and trees and animals is the truest joy of reading. But then you start to notice how little blank canvas is left - how few pages you have left to turn. And you are filled with an implacable dread, because you know it's almost over. The mystery is fleeing; it's coming to an end and all you can do is keep watching. And then it's over. He lets you keep the painting. You put it up in your bedroom with the rest and you know that at any point in the rest of your life, you can go back and look at it again, but it just won't be the same. Because you're not watching it in real-time anymore. The street you saw bustling with life is now dried on paper. That post-book depression is the longing for the words on the pages to move for you like they did the first time you read them. When you didn't know what the next paragraph held and the world in which the characters found themselves was entirely without limit. Because any time you re-read the story, you know that they aren't free to roam anywhere like they were before. They are stuck in a cart on a track and all you can hope for is to notice something about the scene you didn't before, and to just try to relive those feelings you had the first time around.
Alright so I like lists that are in a printable format. I did the list here and at the end I went through and got most of the top level 'why isn't this one on there?' suggestions as well. -----------------   Above Top 50   -----------------   Ubik - Philip K. Dick Ender’s Game - Orson Scott Card The Lord of the Rings trilogy - J.R.R. Tolkien The Handmaid’s Tale - Margaret Atwood Dhalgren - Samuel R. Delany A Song of Ice and Fire - George R.R. Martin The Gormenghast series - Mervyn Peake The Moon Is a Harsh Mistress - Robert A. Heinlein Kindred - Octavia Butler The Left Hand of Darkness - Ursula K. Le Guin Nine Princes in Amber - Roger Zelazny Jonathan Strange & Mr. Norrell - Susanna Clarke Slaughterhouse-Five - Kurt Vonnegut The City & The City - China Miéville The Once and Future King - T.H. White The Mists of Avalon - Marion Zimmer Bradley Zone One - Colson Whitehead The Harry Potter series - J.K. Rowling The Time Quartet - Madeleine L’Engle The Chronicles of Narnia - C.S. Lewis His Dark Materials - Philip Pullman The Female Man - Joanna Russ Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea - Jules Verne Brown Girl in the Ring - Nalo Hopkinson Solaris - Stanislaw Lem The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy - Douglas Adams The Dune Chronicles - Frank Herbert Nineteen Eighty-Four - George Orwell Snow Crash - Neal Stephenson The Stars My Destination - Alfred Bester Neuromancer - William Gibson American Gods - Neil Gaiman The Foundation series - Isaac Asimov Discworld - Terry Pratchett Alice’s Adventures in Wonderland - Lewis Carroll Among Others - Jo Walton Brave New World - Aldous Huxley The Last Unicorn - Peter S. Beagle The Drowned World - J.G. Ballard Witch World - Andre Norton Something Wicked This Way Comes - Ray Bradbury The Time Machine - H.G. Wells Never Let Me Go - Kazuo Ishiguro Little - Big - John Crowley The Dragonriders of Pern series - Anne McCaffrey How to Live Safely in a Science Fictional Universe - Charles Yu The Enchanted Forest Chronicles - Patricia C. Wrede The Castle trilogy - Diana Wynne Jones The Giver - Lois Lowry
Speaking as a geneticist, I like this but have an alternative theory of my own. From a genetics perspective, I am not sure they ever really justify why a Trinucleotide repeat disorder is any more likely an answer than a simple deletion/insertion mutation on any other autosomal locus. A gain-of-function mutation as simple as a 1 BP (non-silent) substitution (which is lost in Squibs) is much more concise. If you want a fancy explanation for it's near-100% heritability, perhaps a good bet would be a (perhaps magically stabilised) extrachromosomal entity. This could carry the "wizard gene" and would have very high heritability (assuming only one copy is required). Indeed, using this kind of DNA for (usually somatic) gene therapy is an active area of research. What I like best about this explanation is that, if the "wizarding extrachromosomal entity" (WEE) is functional present as a single copy, then only one parent needs to have a single WEE for it to passed on most of the time. If it replicates itself then you can guarantee that nearly every gamete will have a copy. Then, regardless of whether the other parent has it or not the zygote (i.e eventual baby) will have it. Perhaps a dose-response ratio of the WEE explains differential wizarding strength as well as likelihood of heritability! If the WEE acts like a multicopy plasmid does (albeit with highly limited ability for self replication outside of meiosis - this would require some very fancy novel DNA replication architecture), then an increase in the number of WEEs would make you a stronger wizard (greater abundance of the gene product) and more likely to have strong wizarding offspring (and MUCH less likely to produce squibs). As with gene therapy presently, extrachromosomal entities are very unusual and are usually a hallmark of cancer or viral infection. The key point here being that it is possible to artificially introduce this DNA into someone, meaning that muggle-born wizards could be the product of a muggle parent who acquired a WEE (in their germline) through viral infection or other (perhaps even magical?) means. Of course for this to arise in the first place it must have been possible through some highly unlikely evolutionary event to produce an ancestral WEE naturally, so perhaps muggleborns are just a result of de novo WEE formation.
(page of the book against the glass on page 476): " after the last time, she was a bit more hesitant to take things as serious but could not detract her innate desire of wanting to find all she could about what had happened. Though her closest confidantes convinced her she was overly suspicious, she had to know for herself. Convinced of what she had to do, Mary let the phone ring and poured the first drink of the afternoon thinking only of what she reluctantly had to do. Afternoons on the pier were her secret pleasure. Not a hidden thing but who would care? Who would understand how walking barefoot over cedar boards calmed her to the point of near seduction? She preferred to keep these thoughts and feelings to herself. The phone buzzed again but somehow the wake of jet skiers racing over the lake was more entertaining to her attention and after five minutes of self-perpetuated ADD, Mary found herself in the place she wanted to be in her mind: Away from the contract, away from home and finally back in touch with the remnants of dreams she treasured so.
This post has its roots in a post from r/booklists which linked to a blog post about the "Top 10 Top 100 Book Lists". This post linked to 10+ "Top 100" book lists from sources such as TIME magazine, Entertainment Weekly, Modern Library, etc. They were all in such different formats, and such different ways of being presented that I wanted to amalgamate all of these into one master "list" in order to compare them (thirteen lists in total since I also added in the first 100 of the Reddit's 200 favorite books). I have since thrown this into a pdf file on Scribd if anyone is interested. My next step was to compare each of these and see what books are most recommended in top lists. I omitted two lists (100 most influential books ever written and 100 Major works of creative nonfiction) since there was VERY LITTLE overlap between the other lists which were primarily fiction. I made one giant list that combined 11 "Top 100" Book Lists. The complete table, again available as a PDF on Scribd lists all the books I'm the left hand column and all the lists along the top. An 'X' denotes that the book was included in that list regardless of position. The books are sorted vertically by the number of lists in which the book is included. If you don't want to see the entire lists, a quick summary is shown below. The top 26 (those that were recommended by 6/11 lists or more are: Catch-22 by Joseph Heller - (10/11 Lists) Lolita by Vladimir Nabokov - (10/11 Lists) The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald - (10/11 Lists) Invisible Man by Ralph Ellison - (9/11 Lists) Slaughterhouse-5 by Kurt Vonnegut - (9/11 Lists) The Catcher in the Rye by J.D. Salinger - (9/11 Lists) The Sound and The Fury by William Faulkner - (9/11 Lists) 1984 by George Orwell - (8/11 Lists) Beloved by Toni Morrison - (8/11 Lists) The Grapes of Wrath by John Steinbeck - (8/11 Lists) To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee - (8/11 Lists) The Sun Also Rises by Ernest Hemingway - (7/11 Lists) An American Tragedy by Theodore Dreiser - (6/11 Lists) Atlas Shrugged by Ayn Rand - (6/11 Lists) Brave New World by Alduos Huxley - (6/11 Lists) Gone With the Wind by Margaret Mitchell - (6/11 Lists) Midnight’s Children by Salman Rushdie - (6/11 Lists) My Antonia by Willa Cather (1918) - (6/11 Lists) On the Road by Jack Kerouac - (6/11 Lists) The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn by Mark Twain - (6/11 Lists) The Heart is A Lonely Hunter by Carson Mccullers- (6/11 Lists) The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy by Douglas Adams - (6/11 Lists) The Tropic of Cancer by Henry Miller (1934) - (6/11 Lists) Their Eyes Were Watching God by Zora Neale Hurston - (6/11 Lists) To the Lighthouse by Virginia Woolf - (6/11 Lists) Ulysses by James Joyce - (6/11 Lists)
Catcher in the Rye, Brave New World, Catch 22, repeat ad nauseum. All great books, but we all knew that already. So here is my list of other must reads. None of them are all that obscure, but they're all really great books for one reason or another. I'm adding some stuff to the original list, like whether the book is a series and how many and stuff, just to clear up confusion Edit: 2:30pm OK I'm going to go back and edit this so it looks like less of a mess. A Town Like Alice- Nevil Shute (My favorite book ever. The one I would pick to save from a burning library) (wow I could not have spelled his name less correctly) Salt- Mark Kurlansky The Thief and The Queen of Attolia- Megan Whalen Turner Edit: seems like no one else has read this one. Seriously, one of the best books I have ever read. It's sort of an ancient Greek fantasy heist story espionage thriller. The Thief won a Newbery Honor but The Queen of Attolia is where is gets REALLY awesome. READ THEM. It's a series of currently 4 books, 5th is on the way The Third Policeman- Flan OBrien Revenge- Stephen Fry Band of Brothers- Stephen Ambrose All Creatures Great and Small- James Herriot The Twenty One Balloons- William Pene Dubois The Painted Veil- Somerset Maugham Stardust- Neil Gaiman The Princess Bride- William Goldman Cuchulain of Muirthemne- Lady Augusta Gregory translation The Penderwicks- Jeannie Birdsall (series of 3) The Piano Shop on the Left Bank- Thad Carhart Shopgirl- Steve Martin An Unsuitable Job for a Woman- PD James The Daughter of Time- Josephine Tey To Say Nothing of the Dog- Connie Willis Sabriel- Garth Nix (series of 3, 4th on the way) Dealing with Dragons- Patricia C Wrede (series of 4, another series just arrived, Thirteenth Child and Across the Barrier) The Hunt for Red October- Tom Clancy (give it a chance, it's really good!) The Squire's Tale- Gerald Morris (series of 8 or 9) OK has no one else heard of this guy? Do you want to laugh till you piss yourself? Ok then, go read Morris. Now, Voyager- Olive Higgins Prouty The Last September Asterix and Obelix- Goscinny et Underzo TinTin- Hergé Flashman's Lady- George MacDonald Frasier (series of many) Good Omens- Terry Pratchett and Neil Gaiman (the audiobook is also good) Swallows and Amazons- Arthur Ransome (series of many) Danny Champion of the World- Roald Dahl (did you know that there's a movie? With Jeremy Irons and his son, Sam Irons? SO CUTE) Tinker Tailor- John Le Carre The Devil's Dictionary- Ambrose Bierce (best bathroom book. I keep a copy in our WC for the amusement and edification of guests. Speaking of which, look up the definition of Guest) The Ordinary Princess- MM Kaye Catwings- Ursula le Guin (series of 4) Mr Revere and I (also Ben and Me and Captain Kid's Cat)- Robert Lawson Carry on Mr Bowditch- Jenny Latham Redwall- Brian Jaques (also the Redwall Cookbook if you're really looking for a giggle) (series of many many many) The Reluctant Dragon- Kenneth Graham (yes THAT Kenneth Graham, also look for the audiobook read by none other than Boris motherfucking Karloff. It will make your life better, I promise) Kenny and the Dragon- Tony Diterlizzi Basin and Range- John Mcphee Circles- James Burke (seriously awesome, go check it out NOW) (now that I think about it, this is one of the reddit-iest books ever, if redditism can be called a thing) The Right Stuff- Thomas Wolfe The Shadow Series- Orson Scott Card (ignore his personal politics, these are actually interesting and very good page turners) The Boat that Wouldn't Float- Farley Mowat Apollo 13- Jim Lovell Billy Budd- Herman Melville The Wolves of Willoughby Chase- Joan Aiken (also Nightbirds on Nantucket) Tomatoland- Estabrook Trickster's Choice- Tamora Peirce (depressed_realist reminded me of Peirce. All her books are good, but the Alanna series, the Wild Magic series are EXCELLENT and the best ones of all are Trickster's Choice and Trickster's Queen. But you kind of have to read Allana first, or they won't be as good) And Finally The Grey Seas Under by Farley Mowat, which I think is the best book ever written. And of course the sequel, The Serpent's Coil. Everything by the following authors: Terry Pratchett Dorothy L Sayers CS Forester PG Wodehouse Christopher Moore Bill Bryson (Especially In A Sunburnt Country) John Mortimer OK I added him! Mark Kurlansly!! Neil Gaiman James Burke Arthur Ransome John Le Carre Susan Cooper (She's most famous for The Dark is Rising but also check out The Boggart. And let's all just pretend that movie never happened.) Edit I'm off to work after a glorious two days off so I'll be collecting a whole new harvest of books. I'll post more tonight. See you in a few hours folks.
Speaking as a former flight attendant: After each flight the plane is cleaned either by contracted cleaners (usually at a hub like Dallas for American) or the crew (at outstations). They are primarily looking for trash, and often they don't catch things like books/magazines/e-readers after each flight, especially if they don't distort the seat pocket. So it's possible your book won't be found at your departure or arrival city. If I ever found something in a seat back pocket I would always turn it into the gate agent. If the passenger came back for it soon, the gate agent might have it at the podium, if not then it would probably be in the lost and found. However, I frequently found that some gate agents and flight attendants don't try very hard with books because they don't think the passengers care that much about them (because they infrequently come looking for them). Because of that, I'd often find a pile of left behind books and magazines on the plane that were kind of a communal library for the flight attendants and pilots to use. In case something like that has happened, you might try the following-- print up a sign/flyer explaining the situation (what you've lost, why it's important, and your contact info) and ask a ticket or gate agent if they can post the sign in the AA crew room, which is where flight attendants and pilots hang out between flights at an airport.
Hello reddit, this post is about Carrie and her books. Carrie is the owner of Once Sold Tales, a book store 10 miles south of Seattle. Times have not been good to bookstores and Carrie is closing her store. She currently has about half a million books that she wants to find homes for. Because housing all these books is now costing more than she or her business can afford, Carrie is left with few options. If nothing is done, she will have to pulp all books left unsold. While there are many pounds of books, nobody wants that. I know reddit is (rightly so) critical of help requests. Money is not the goal of this post, rather, Carrie wants to get people reading again. If you live in the Seattle area and want to visit her warehouse, here is where you can find it: 22442 72nd Ave S, Kent, WA (Google maps link - http://goo.gl/maps/NQUYk ) Here is her website: http://www.oncesoldtales.com/ where you can order something to get shipped out. Here is a photo album: http://imgur.com/a/WnlQU Carrie will be operating her website and selling books at the warehouse (1$ for paperbacks, 2$ for hardback, or 1.50$/lb) until the end of May. If she can afford to go a bit longer, she will. She is going to be offering reddit a special deal if there is interest. I'd be lying if I said the idea wasn't mine. Details are still getting worked out but it looks like 10 dollars for 8 books or 18 for 16. Details forthcoming as well as how to actually make the order. (price includes all taxes and shipping for continental US, so the plan goes atm) (EDIT: Product being offered to reddit is a grab-bag, I don't believe titles can be chosen, most likely general categories. Please comment on what you would be looking for or what structure you think would work best) (EDIT2: More details for the grab bag are being requested. Specifically kids books. Since they are way lighter and the bag pricing is dictated by shipping costs (there is really little overhead sadly) a kids books selection would have way more books. No clue on specific. Stay tuned) (EDIT3 The reddit grab bag is not live yet. Purchases from the site are full price and there is not yet the opportunity to buy things super discounted online. Please, be patient, I am working with Carrie to get the electronic side of things figured out. I promise I won't leave people hanging) (EDIT4: I'm a moron. Thats pretty standard, but there is a Facebook page. www.facebook.com/OnceSoldTales ) (EDIT5: There are too many responses! Holy cow, and I thought I could reply to everyone :/. I need to get some rest, I have a job to get to in the morning, but I WILL be back and I WILL have more answers to more questions. This includes shipping internationally, options to donate money/books, and of course specifics for the reddit grab bag. Goodnight reddit, thanks for helping Carrie find a home for her books) FULL DISCLOSURE: I used to read books all the time and when I found out about what Carrie is going through, I wanted to help. I'm not getting paid and I'm not an employee. If you think my photos are a little too good, thank you! I am a hobbyist photographer and appreciate the compliment. If you think they suck, let me know why (might as well get better at it). Carrie is hard to get a hold of, but I will do my best to help answer questions, update the post with as much info as I can, and pass along anything you would like me to. The final act: http://www.reddit.com/r/books/comments/1fbjmh/500000_books_final_update_and_end_of_the_story/
My wife teaches a special program for kids deemed too "dangerous" to be on campus at a low-income title 1 high school. Her class consists of mostly freshman boys, and I thought Ender's Game would be a good book to get them interested in reading. Unfortunately her kids are pretty low on the pecking order so it's very hard to get school funds directed her way and she can't get a classroom set of books. If any of you have an old copy of Ender's Game (or any other books you can spare for that matter) laying around you can donate she would really appreciate it! Also, if you have any other suggestions of good books that might get this demographic interested in reading she'd love to hear them. Thanks! Please send any books to: PLUS Program El Cajon Valley High School 1035 E. Madison Ave. El Cajon, CA 92021 TLDR: Wife teaches the "Dangerous Minds" class at her high school and can use any old books you have laying around - especially :Ender's Game". EDIT: Her class is 20 kids (so I just need 20 copies) EDIT: Thanks for all the upboats! I think we may have enough Ender's Games - but any extras she gets will be donated to the school library and any other random books you send will be much appreciated (and hopefully well read ;) EDIT: Front page! Fact - Redditors are awesome. EDIT: I'm positive my wife (and all the local libraries) just got enough Ender's Games - however if you still would like to help these kids out there are a lot of fabulous suggestions for different books by other Redditors in the comments: The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian by Sherman Alexie, Monster by Walter Dean Myers, The Giver by Lois Lowry A big Thank You to all who commented and upvoted. My wife came home from work today where she had one of "her worst days ever" with fights, death threats, etc. and I showed her this post and she was moved to tears reading all your comments and seeing such generosity. So thanks again (you made me proud Reddit). w00t - the wife's a Redditor now - "iamtheteacherwife"
For those of you who don't know, F. Scott Fitzgerald adored the original cover for The Great Gatsby. In fact, the cover wasn't even a part of the story, but Fitzgerald managed to weasel a way for it to be included. The cover of The Great Gatsby is among the most celebrated pieces of art in American literature. A little-known artist named Francis Cugat was commissioned to illustrate the book while Fitzgerald was in the midst of writing it. The cover was completed before the novel, with Fitzgerald so enamored of it that he told his publisher he had "written it into" the novel. Fitzgerald's remarks about incorporating the painting into the novel led to the interpretation that the eyes are reminiscent of those of Dr. T. J. Eckleburg (the novel's erstwhile optometrist on a faded commercial billboard near George Wilson's auto repair shop) which Fitzgerald described as "blue and gigantic — their retinas are one yard high. They look out of no face, but instead, from a pair of enormous yellow spectacles which pass over a non-existent nose." Although this passage has some resemblance to the painting, a closer explanation can be found in the description of Daisy Buchanan as the "girl whose disembodied face floated along the dark cornices and blinding signs".
The Wheel of Time. I dedicated 12+ years of my life to this series. I don't think I've anticipated anything more than A Memory of Light, and like an idiot I burned through it in a couple of days. I couldn't stop myself. Then the sadness broke through like a post-mastubatory guilt. I still can't believe it's over. However, just like I did with the Dark Tower, I'll start the whole thing over again soon. Re-reading them knowing the ending may be even more fun. Plus, if the series is good, the journey vs the end yadda yadda... Edit: I am so happy to see so many fans of Randland! Thanks for all the comments. To anybody asking if they should read WoT, I can't answer that question. Everybody has their own experience with it. I have some friends that tried and couldn't get into it, and that is completely understandable. (Sacrilegious as it may be, I had this experience with Dune.) However, if you are a fan of strong character development and a rich, flushed out world that almost leaps off the pages, I would highly recommend it. Also, I rarely feel guilty after I masturbate. :) Edit 2: Shoutout to /u/karanj for mentioning r/WoT. Just in case anybody hasn't been there yet.
Well after reading this I just had to figure out what was going on - from the wikipedia page In the novel's commentary, Goldman writes that he added nothing to the "original" Morgenstern text, although he comments that he did write one original scene, a loving reunion between Buttercup and Westley, but claimed that his publisher objected to this addition.[5] He invited any reader who wanted to read the "Reunion Scene" to write to the publisher (formerly Harcourt Brace Jovanovich; now Random House) and request a copy. Many readers wrote in to the publisher and did receive a letter, but instead of an extra scene, the letter detailed the (obviously fictitious) legal problems that Goldman and his publishers encountered with the Morgenstern estate and its lawyer, Kermit Shog. This letter was revised and updated periodically; the 1987 revision mentioned the movie, while the 25th Anniversary Edition publishes the letter with an addendum about Kermit's lawyer granddaughter Carly. The 30th Anniversary Edition has a footnote at this point saying that you can now find the three pages of the reunion scene online. However, if one goes to the website detailed in the footnote, all they receive via email is the text of the three letters. I also thought the opening line from the Wikipedia page was interesting (bolding mine) -
He saw the trailer for the movie and really wants to see it. I figured he should read the book first so I gave it to him this evening and he couldn't put it down. It makes me so happy to see him getting to experience one of my childhood favorites for the first time. Edit: For everyone giving me a hard time for supporting a bigot (among other things) here is a quote frome Neil Gaiman: "If I were only allowed to read or enjoy art or listen to music made by people whose opinions and beliefs were the same as mine, I think the world would be a pretty dismal sort of a place." While I don't agree with the author, I can enjoy his work. You of course have the right to not support him. But please don't try to force your oppions on others. So please instead of negative comments try posting about sharing your love of books with someone you love. That is what my post is about after all. Edit 2: Thanks for the kind words from everyone! He's really enjoying it so far. Probably would have finished it already but he had to do homework first :)
So, people like to make lists; more importantly, they also like to criticize lists and fight over them. This is why lists are always the books one should read, or books that you must read before you die or the Top 50 Books of All Time. However, these lists are geared this way because it makes it easier to argue about a list, and to criticize it, not because it makes the list any more helpful. It's hard to argue with just a plain old helpful list. After all, there are many reasons (good or bad) to dispute whether Dickens deserves to be on the Top 50 All Time List (see my comment history), but it is nearly impossible to dispute a list that merely wants to be a list of books I have read that I think you all might enjoy if this is your sort of thing. This explains a lack of this kind of list: we can't fight over a list like this, and if we can't fight over something then why talk about it at all? However, this might be the most needed kind of list. After all, if I am looking for a good book I don't need a list of the best authors of all time. I already know who Shakespeare is, and I have already rejected him as a candidate for my next reading adventure. What I need is a list of books that are also good, but not typically very well known. This means that a list like this cannot, as a matter of first principals, be a list of the best. So, this list will have the dual advantage of being helpful, and will generate a less argumentative response. So, without any more rambling on my part, I give you: Sartorialconundrum's list of twelve books that might help you change the way you think about things. The idea behind this list is that each of them take a different view than the established ideology in their field, or they take on a myth that we have come to take for granted in our way of thinking, or they are stories that don't quite follow a traditional character arc. The books cover politics, history, science, economics, literature, and journalism. The Structure of Scientific Revolutions, by Thomas Khun. The Golden Bough, by Sir George James Frazier. The Assault, by Harry Mulisch The Skeptic, A Life of H.L. Mencken, by Terry Teachout. America's Great Depression, by Murray Rothbard. The Republic, by Plato. The God of Small Things, by Arundati Roy. Financial Reckoning Day, by Bill Bonner and Addison Wiggin. Selected Poems, by Ranier Maria Rilke. Lanark, by Alasdair Gray. Orlando, by Virginia Woolf. The Dangling Man, by Saul Bellow. Everything is this list is a little off. Some you might never have heard of (Lanark), others are lesser-known works by well known authors (Orlando). Others are monumental works, but in a field you might not be acquainted with (how many people in here are well-versed in Anglo-American Analytic philosophy?). One is a lesser known poet from Bohemian Paris that most people don't read because his contemporaries out-shined him (Rilke). One is a recent bestselling novel that I chose because the author looks at her heritage differently than any other author I have read (Roy). One novel treats tragedy differently than most would (The Assault), while another deals with ambiguity in modern life (The Dangling Man). If you are looking for something different, I recommend any of the above. Regards, Sartorial Conundrum. Edit: As one comment corrected me, I accidently wrote down the blog name instead of the book title. Financial Reckoning Day is a literary/historical approach to economics/investing, The Daily Reckoning is the blog that came of it. PS I am glad this got such a good response. I would like to see more of this collaboration. Arguing over what is in the canon is boring. Talking about books is not boring. Lastly, I promised an explanation for why I recommend all of these books, I.E., how they changed my mind. Right now it is late, I am tired, and I have a bottle of Dewars. I will leave the exegesis for tomorrow. Good Night!
People are going to get Happy Meals regardless, but this is still marketing. This whole thing McDonalds are doing in the UK (not sure if it's the same in the US) of tossing out the whole red/white plastic Ronald McDonald interior and replacing it with a more artsy-looking layout, moving their advertisements away from getting kids excited about the toys towards attempting to show how their food is now healthier and better quality than the fatty, unhealthy greasy stuff you'd associate with them, and now giving out books instead of Happy Meals, it's almost trying to reinvent themselves, cast off the image of the garish kid's fast food place and be seen as a very upmarket yet cheap place to eat. I'm not saying it's bad or good (and the book thing is awesome - I fucking loved Michael Morpugo when I was a kid), but what I am saying is that it an entire marketing drive to make people see McDonalds as a place to eat, with a really nice interior, with more upmarket food than just a greasy burger in a wrapper, a place that promotes healthy eating and reading amongst children. To make people stop seeing McDonalds as an unhealthy fast food restaurant, and start seeing it as a restaurant, one that it's healthy to visit often. And that's what he's worried about. Because at heart, it's still McDonalds.
Makes perfect sense - as has been discussed ad infinitum across multiple threads in here in the past. For a start Amazon can set the price at which they sell Hardcovers, Paperbacks and Flipbooks - If Amazon want to sell a Hardcover at a loss, that's their decision to make. So for example the next J.K. Rowling book? The hardcover will likely be sold at a loss. That's not the case with eBooks. Amazon and other retailers are bound by what's known as the Agency Model. Basically they're merely third party retailers - the publisher dictates the minimum price at which the book can be sold. So if Rowlings publisher decides the eBook has to be sold at £/$19.99? That's the price Amazon are legally obligated to sell it, even if they discount the hardcover to £/$9.99 Blame the publishers - and depending on your own thoughts, Apple. Edit: Before the downvoting brigade arrive. It doesn't help that you didn't post the title of the book in question. Typically if you goto the Kindle Edition page you'll see the text "This Price Set by the Publisher" or something along those lines; thus answering your question.
Hello! This is a bit unconventional, but my wife and I did this painting some time ago and I recently had to remove the canvas from the stretcher supports it was on, as we don't have a lot of space. While I am a fan of Orwell, somewhat ironically, I don't exactly have a lot of places to hang art at the moment. I'm aware that this isn't a super-inventive piece of art, but rather a pretty straight-forward painting from one of the most famous photographs of Orwell. I imagine there has to be an Orwell fan out there that would like it and I figured the r/books community would be the best place to find one. As I mentioned, the painting (actually ink and paint) is off the stretcher bars, so it would either need to be re-stretched, trimmed and framed, or it could just be trimmed and hung on the wall. we'll likely ship it rolled, but we can trim the excess canvas if you intend to just frame it or hang it like a wall scroll of sorts. The dimensions of the painting are 16x30in. I'll let the people of r/books decide via upvotes who should get it. I don't want to make anyone arbitrarily jump through hoops or anything like that. I will say that if possible, I would sincerely appreciate if the person who gets the painting would pay the $10 in shipping so we don't have to lose money on it as we are working artists. If not, it's not a dealbreaker - - we'll just eat the cost. In the unlikely event that someone may think I'm just a scammer out to get $10, please see from a year ago where we offered to do a painting for a redditor and where she confirmed that she received the art.
It's an issue that I've busted my mind trying to figure out. There are several ways to do this, all somewhat problematic. Work directly with someone like B&N. This requires them to sell the digital copy alongside the print edition, probably at the register. Kind of a "Oh, you bought the hardcover. Would you like the digital add-on for a buck?" Then they give you a slip of paper with your digital code on it. There are huge logistical issues here. Not insurmountable, but still tough. How many books do you do this with? All new books? How do you keep all of those slips separate? Do you have a machine that prints one with a code? Who pays for the infrastructure? What happens to all of those slips once a book rotates out of being new? We already have trouble with advance copies being snatched by booksellers (or other) and offering them up for sale on ebay when they were intended to be review copies. (Printed at a high cost and given for booksellers to read.) I could see this, without careful management, going the same way.
I am wondering if this 'phenomenon' happens to any other avid readers. You read a book and the culmination leaves you so drained (in a good or bad way) that you don't have the mental energy to pick up another book for a few days at least. In a bad way - The most recent example for me was The Wise Man's Fear by Patrick Rothfuss. In my view, the plotline completely jumped the shark, introduces several deus ex machinas and completely changes the protagonist's character. I feel the storyline has been completely ruined in a blatant "ratings" grab or desperate attempt to fix the storyline. This review summed it up pretty well for me. My apologies if this is a popular book and my opinion disagrees with yours. The effect left upon me, though, had me drained and lexically listless - I will probably be able to read once more in a week or two, when the sourness wears off. In a good way - When I finished the Foundation series, I stopped reading for a few months. I kept thinking about the Foundation universe and didn't want to read books for fear of the 'taste in my mouth' being spoiled. I had also, just for a few days, lost the motivation to eat or drink. I was also slightly morose that the author hadn't written any more books. But then, even 20 books in the series wouldn't have been enough. It was much after this time that I bothered to learn about the author, and explore more of things he had written. (I was a fool and didn't know that Asimov was a famous person). I am interested in hearing if a book has had any kind of an effect on you and in what way. Edit: Great responses, I'm reading all of the replies! I'm also going through and adding all of the books mentioned here to my to-read list. Thanks for this. Edit 2: Looks like House of Leaves and 1984 are the most popular choices. Edit 3: And others. Lots of great reading, thanks for sharing your thoughts. Edit 4: 4 months on and I'm still getting replies. How are you guys finding this thread?
The above was a comment made a few days ago on a review that is nearly a year old. The book was my own debut novel and to say the reviewer didn't like it is an understatement as she said, "Thanks to my broad experience and lack of discrimination, Theft of Swords isn't, quite, the absolute worst book I've ever read. But it loses the prize by a very, very slender margin." I never responded to the review (it's always a bad thing if an author does) nor did I ask any of my fans to do so (but nonetheless several who have liked the book did), and there was a kind of flame war that ensued. I'm not upset with the reviewer (I've grown a thick skin and I realize that everyone has their right to their own opinion) but the review itself and this comment does bring up an interesting point. After being profesionally published for nearly a year and selling more than 150,000 books I'm considering the series a success, because I can attach objective (not subject to opinion) criteria to it. But to judge a book "good" or "bad" is, at least to my mind, a rather futile exercise. There is no universal criteria that all readers, critics, and literature professors can agree upon to separate "good" from "bad." And I don't think the opinion of a reader bears more weight if they have extensively studied 'literature." But there seems to be an almost pavlovian response by some people that say if a book is popular, it must automatically be crap. As an author I think trying to determine my book as "good" or "bad" is folly. I'm more than satisfied with the fact that the vast majority who have actually read it were entertained and found it a good investment in both their time and money. So I'm really hear to ask the people in r/books - do you think books can be classified as "good" and "bad" or is it really just a matter of which books fit your reading prefernces and which do not?
This doesn't appear to be a very popular opinion in this thread, but I think it's one worth considering, so here it is: While I don't think the concept of a story can be good or bad from an objective point of view, the way it's conveyed can absolutely be objectively bad. Objectively bad story-telling is very possible, in my opinion, by way of confusing plot points, inconsistent character development and dues ex machina type situations where the conclusion hasn't been earned through the development of the story. There's also just plain-old bad writing, which makes use of cliches, stilted dialogue, confusing sentences and even poor use of the English language to stop the book from being enjoyable or readable even at the most basic, technical level. To be fair, all rules can be broken, and if broken correctly, the end result can be far more rewarding than if the rules were followed. But without a purposeful, thoughtful breaking of some of the above instances, then yes, I would say that a book can objectively be bad.
Case in point, after reading that Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy post I realized I didn't have it in my library looked for it my local book store only to find the copy with the movie version cover. Edit: That being said is there a criterion type thing for books? Edit 2#: I went to my second hand book store and found a copy I liked for a good price also the book depository had the same stuff for good prices. Also, obviously it doesn't change the content of the book, but for the price you end up paying for books I like to be able to marvel at the cover because it dedicated to the book. Also I like nice things. Edit 3#: I should make it clear in my example, that this is certainly a book I've read before, I just didn't own it. I like collecting books that I love and I'm always happy to pay for an edition I find appealing. (Which has never been the movie version) Like a lot of readers, I tend to have a backlog of books that I'm intending to read so there is never any rush to get it into my hands. In any case, agree or disagree, it is all about opinion and it is a hard thing to argue but I've really enjoyed reading all the comments so far. But there are a hundred other posts actually about books on this subreddit that are getting no attention maybe go give them a read too. This was just a quick post while I was browsing for books. Edit 4#: I looked through my book collection and I have to admit I found only one book that had a movie cover: my second hand hardcover Collected Works of Raymond Chandler has on the dust cover an image of Humphery Bogart, but thats okay with me, he is a boss.
Hi r/books I've been adding these threads to my list of saved links now and then, so it's far from a complete list. There are probably plenty and plenty of omitted book recommendation threads in other subreddits. I have - for instance - nothing from r/programming, and not much else from any smaller subreddits. So if you know of a good book recommendation thread for, say, cooking-books or something else topic-specific but yet of potential interest to readers then feel free to share and I'll add it to the list. Much of the recommendations in the posts below don't really differ that much from thread to thread, I guess. I'm willing to wager that all the "life-changing", "mind-blowing" and "must-read" threads probably list "1984" or "Brave New World". But one might still fish out something new or old of interest. Anyway. Confused? Lost? Looking for something to read? Well this here is nothing awesome or professional, but you might find it of some use: Main Reddit Huge, definitive Reddit-community reading list: "the books of which should be read by any Redditor who considers him(her)self educated." (Found by dingledog.) r/Books Post-apocalyptic books. Disturbing books. Must-read nonfiction Life-changing books. (1) Life-changing non-fiction (2) Books with epic/huge universes. (Found by rakantae) What other books are just as hilarious and entertaining like "A Confederacy of Dunces"? (found by BernieMadoff) "What hilarious books have you read? (laughed so hard that you pissed your pants type)" (found by BernieMadoff) Favourite fantasy books. (posted by mitchbones) What was the last book you read, what are you reading now and which one is lined up next...and your verdict? (found by richie_ny) Apocalyptic books. What are your recommendations for the best-performed/read audiobooks? Books to give away as christmas gifts. Cyberpunk with a dystopian setting. Best books of the 00's (Not really a suggestion thread, but fellow redditors discuss some titles.) r/skeptic Books for studying logical debate and deconstructing fallacious arguments. r/Philosophy 5 of your favourite philosophy books Life-changing books. (3) Perspective-altering works of philosophy. Works by contemporary philosophers. r/Cogsci Favourite psychology-related books. r/SciFi Favourite Science Fiction. (Found by 3po) "Ultimate scifi book list." (Found by zamolxis) r/programming What programming book has been your favorite? r/Askreddit Books you've read more than twice. Life-changing non-fiction (4) Good books that offer a mindfuck. "I want to read a book that will move me." Mind-blowing non-fiction. Classics. What book have you reread the most. (found by BernieMadoff) I recently decided that I have been growing up reading horrible literature so I picked up A Hitchhiker's Guide To The Galaxy. Finished that. What's next? I want to read the classics. (found by BernieMadoff) "Reddit, comment and upvote your favorite books." (found by BernieMadoff) "What is your all-time favorite book?" (Found by winstonSsith) Dear Reddit... What are your favorite children's books? (found by BernieMadoff) What book have you read had such a great philosophy, that it changed your outlook on life? (found by BernieMadoff) The name of the last great book you read. (found by BernieMadoff) AskReddit has a lot of book-recommendation threads, in which most of the mentioned books are more or less the same, but if you're still curious then do a search there, or just go here: http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/search?q=book&sort=top Misc. Also, epadafunk wins the thread. Here's a whole subreddit dedicated to the purpose of listing good literature: /r/redditbooks Bonus: Reddit's take on the "best quality fiction writers nowadays." As mentioned, feel free to add any noteworthy threads/lists; unless it's one about "life-changing" books, which seem to be in perpetual demand here at reddit, I think. Edit 1: More links from 3po, rakantae and BernieMadoff Edit 2: Huge reading list from /r/Reddit.com, found by dingledog. Edit 3: Scifi-list, askreddit thread and /r/redditbooks Edit 4: A fantasy list. One more. Edit 5: A few AskReddit threads found by BernieMadoff, and an apocalypse thread in /r/books. Edit 6: /r/books: Audiobooks, books as christmas gifts. Edit 7: Formatting. Edit 8: /r/books: Dystopian cyberpunk, best of the 00's; added /r/programming.
I'm reading The Bell Jar by Sylvia Plath for the second time and I came upon a disturbing realization- I was relating a little too much to Esther. Too often her thoughts reflected my own. Just like Esther, I have my whole life ahead of me, full of potential- I should be excited. Instead, I can't help wondering, what is the point of it all? Esther's emotional struggle so closely relates to my own. And then I realized, she's crazy. Or at least having some sort of an emotional breakdown. And if I'm not careful, I could quite easily allow myself to follow in her footsteps. This was quite sobering. So, r/books, what have you read that hit a little too close to home? EDIT: Two things. First, I love how books can have such profound impacts in our lives and serve as mirrors to our souls. Especially when it reflects things we've been trying to ignore. Second, I think 2udaylatif summed it up well: "It is not surprising to find similarities in ourselves with characters in stories. That is what makes them so enthralling. Even characters who are reprehensible have humanity in them and that makes us realize how close we all are. The line between good and bad is thinner than we realize."
He wrote me back when I wrote him at 23, discussing the problems of a writer life. I think about his letter on a regular basis. EDIT: Dang. Reddit has spoken. I will offer some excerpts that leave out the personal stuff and get to the gist you really want to read anyway. So I wrote to him in 1999 months after finishing my undergrad saying I wanted to be an author but knew that my work sucked and that I had many years to go before I could ever write anything all that well and that in the painstaking meantime I'd suffer from no opportunity to grow, to study craft, to develop, to be published even as a shithead with a half-dozen readers (this was before the era in which we live where a three-year-old can have riveting toilet-training blog read by millions) etc., etc. (side note, I'm now 36 years old and my first novel is due out next month). So he wrote back: I decline to read your mss., but mostly because I am now up to my ass in mss's and have had to start declining--it's not that your letter wasn't 100% charming and seductive. I am intrigued by your evident belief that acceptance/contract/publication makes everything alright and vindicates you as an artist. How much money/attention/emotional stroking do you imagine attends publication? Why do you suppose 'published' writers still teach and scrabble for grants?
Being an avid reader, I signed up for the r/books book swap on reddit gifts. I was grateful to have the chance to share some of my favorite literature as well as receive some new reading material. Today my package arrived and I ripped it open with all the excitement that one would expect a five year old to have on christmas morning. I LOVE books. Literally, if I could be paid to read, I would drop out of college right now. Lasagna_chef had sent me a message confirming shipment of my package and told me to pay special attention to the note inside. Honestly, I was so psyched to receive four kick ass books (World War Z, American Psycho, Everything is Illuminated, and House of Leaves) that I almost forgot about the note. I finally came down from my literature induced ecstasy and opened the envelope that was inside one of the books. Inside I expected a witty note that would make me laugh.. Instead I was BROUGHT TO TEARS. I am a college student and have posted about how I am struggling to make ends meet...just hoping for some advice on how I can be more frugal and cut corners... and this kind gentleman had done his homework and properly stalked me and saw this. Not only did I receive four fantastic books that I cannot wait to dive into, I received a generous cash gift to help me afford food and rent. I am amazed at the kindness that this stranger has shown to me. Tons of karma to you, lasagna_chef. I will repay you someday, somehow.
These are my rules for reading. I don't always follow them, but I certainly do my best to try. I transcribed this from the first page of my reading journal: Don't tell others how to read. Some people like to read 100 books a year, others like to read just a few--there's no wrong way to read. Your Ulysses may be another person's Twilight, and there's nothing wrong with that either. If someone was moved by reading Twilight, that's a good thing. There's nothing more elitist than looking down on others for not having the same taste as you. Reading is just a medium; it's not better than other mediums. I read because I like using my imagination, and I feel reading does a better job of describing things. That does not mean that other mediums do not lend themselves to intellectual thought and analysis. After all, films and television have someone writing them, they've just chosen a different medium to deliver their thoughts. Write in the margins. There's so much you don't get when you're not doing this. As well, it's wonderful to be able to see what you were thinking as you were reading a book. It's enlightening to see how your thoughts on a book changed since the last time you've read it. If people are like you, they'll enjoy reading your notes as much as you enjoy reading the notes of others. Read books you love more than once. People who say that there are far too many books in the world to ever spend the time rereading a book don't seem to realize that they will die before they have read every book in the world anyway. You'll probably die before you read every book on your bookshelf. If you love a book, read it again in a few years to see if its meaning has changed. Also, reading a book more than once really allows you to get the subtleties that you didn't pick up on the first round. Don't worry about what you're supposed to get from the novel, or how others interpret it. If you get something entirely different, that's perfectly fine. You bring your own life experience to the table when reading. Worrying about these things is just a distraction from your own experience with the book. However, be interested in the perspectives of others. In every book you read there are things that you missed. Discussing books with other people can be really enlightening. They bring their own experiences to the table as well--experiences you probably haven't had. Many a "wow" moment has come from having someone point out a theme in a novel that you've entirely missed. Partake in easy reading every now and then. Tom Robbins, Dean Koontz, Stephen King, Christopher Moore, Chuck Klosterman, David Sedaris, and so on. Reading Faulkner, DeLillo, Joyce, Wallace, Gaddis, and other literary works all the time can be depressing. Sometimes you just need a good laugh. If something sucks, move on. You're reading for enjoyment, not to be able to say you've read it. Pay attention to the author's use of language. Simile, metaphor, symbolism. Words are chosen for a reason. Share with others the books you have enjoyed. Hopefully they will enjoy them as well. The community of readers is almost as important as the books themselves. Be a part of that community. EDIT: For those who do not understand the title of this post, I am sharing with you what I go by in my own reading. I write this in my journal. I am also asking what you go by in your own reading/interpretation of a story. I am at no point saying that you should follow any of these rules, and I'm really amazed that anyone could interpret it that way. Do you really think I am telling you that you must write in the margins of a book? Seriously? If you think that, I think I'd rather you not write in the margins of a book. And damn, why's everything have to be an argument on Reddit? Christ it gets a bit old.
He's mainly a comic book writer, but Greg Rucka had some great things to say about this. One does not write a "female" character any more than one writes a "male" character. One writes character, and character is derived from many, many different components, gender being just one of them. Education, background, childhood, religion, sexual orientation and experience, unique history - all of these things influence character, and the writer's job is to present the whole package in the form of an individual. The problem isn't that writers forget they're writing one gender or another, it's that they do so without due consideration for the factors. To write any character, one must inhabit their life, evaluate it, and then see both through their character's bias, and objectively. He goes on to talk about what I think most people know. Writers default to male characters and stereotypical female characters because they're seen as the default. There's no need to go the extra mile, to do research on what life is actually like for someone who isn't part of the white, heterosexual male default because most writers either are this or have studied writers who are or have grown up consuming media where most characters are.
I just had a revelation about Joyce's Ulysses, a book I love and have read multiple times. There are countless touching and sad moments throughout the book: Stephen's mother crying when he sings Yeats' "Who Goes With Fergus," Bloom's despair at his infant son Rudy's death, Stephen deciding he can't help his sister because the family will "drown" him too, Bloom's father's suicide, Paddy Dignam's funeral and leaving behind his wife and son, etc. However, it dawned on me that the saddest and most poignant line in the book might be the last line. No, not the one you're thinking of. Not "yes I said yes I will yes." That's the last line of the narrative. The last line of the book are the only words that belong to Joyce himself. His signoff. "Trieste-Zurich-Paris, 1914-1921" This doesn't get much attention obviously, but the more I think about it the more heartbreaking it is. Joyce creates his masterpiece as an ode to his home, "dear, dirty Dublin." In fact, all his works are in some way about his home. The level of detail and amount of research he did to craft such a realistic portrayal of his native city is widely acknowledged to be painstaking. To call it a labor of love almost does disservice to both the words "labor" and "love." Now think about it. Joyce chose to sign off with those words: "Trieste-Zurich-Paris, 1914-1921." He put them there for a reason. Nothing in Joyce is there by accident or happenstance. Why are they there? Because he wants us to know that the city he loved so much and took such care to render is no longer his home. He's an exile. Living in various spots in Europe. Hundreds of pages -- a masterfully crafted testimonial to his home ... and he's not there. And he's not going back. He'll never be home again. He can only possess it in Ulysses pages. The book you just finished? That masterpiece? That's Joyce's home. It's all he had. And you were just a guest in it.
Final Update - So in the end, we had 6,600 downloads in less than a day and went from 40,000 in ranking to top 100 in the free section, all thanks to you guys. I cannot properly express my gratitude. You guys are amazing, reviews are already coming in and I'm simply thrilled with the response. There will be future free days in the future, so either email me or follow my twitter (I don't update often, won't flood your stream) if you missed out on yesterday. :) Thanks again everyone. So my latest book is free to Prime members all the time, but TODAY (January 5th) I am taking that pricetag down to $0.00 for ALL Redditors as a big thank you to the community I've loved for the past year. Here is the link to the page on Amazon, it should be free for everyone as far as I know (though I am from the US so it's possible it could be US only, can't seem to get in touch with Amazon to find out in time). It's Kindle only, but I'll be doing a pay-what-you-want PDF version once my contract with Amazon ends in March. :) EDIT Someone from Ireland has successfully downloaded it for free, so it should be working internationally!
Ooh. In no particular order: 1.) The First Law Series (The Blade Itself, Before They Are Hanged, and Last Argument of Kings) by Joe Abercrombie [My favourite is probably Last Argument of Kings] {Worth mentioning are the Broadway-performance-level audiobooks, performed by Stephen Pacey.} 2.) The Mistborn series (Mistborn: The Final Empire, The Hero of Ages, The Well of Ascension, The Alloy of Law) by Brandon Sanderson [I can't pick a favourite. The Alloy of Law does something interesting, by taking the series' fantasy-era world and rocketing it forward into something resembling the Old West. That's just cool.] 3.) Nation by Terry Pratchett (By turns devastating, poignant, and triumphant, probably Pratchett's best work to date) 4.) Anansi Boys by Neil Gaiman (Full of Gaiman's trademark blend of magic, gentle humor, and genuine terror, this is a fun read. I have a signed, numbered slipcased hardback of this one.) [As pointed out below, the audiobook, performed by Lenny Henry, is outstanding.]
"... you could do it if you wanted to. If you opened up wide enough." He suddenly reached down and picked up Nicholson's right hand from the armrest. He shook it just once, cordially, and said, "Goodbye. I have to go." And this time, Nicholson wasn't able to detain him, he started so quickly to make his way through the aisle. Nicholson sat motionless for some few minutes after he left, his hands on the armrests of the chair, his unlighted cigarettes still between the fingers of his left hand. Finally, he raised his right hand and used it as if to check whether his collar was still open. Then he lit his cigarette, and sat quite still again. He smoked the cigarette down to its end, then abrubtly let one foot over over the side of the chair, stepped on the cigarettes, got to his feet, and made his way, rather quickly, out of the aisle. Using the forwardship stairway, he descended fairly briskly to the Promenade Deck. Without stopping there, he continued down, still quite rapidly, to Main Deck. Then to A Deck. Then to B Deck. Then to C Deck. Then to D Deck. At D Deck the forwardship stairway ended, and Nicholson stood for a moment, apparently at some loss for direction. However, he spotted someone who looked able to guide him. Halfway down the passageway, a stewardess was sitting on a chair outside a galleyway, reading a magazine and smoking a cigarette. Nicholson went down to her, consulted her briefly, thanked her, then took a few additional steps forwardship and opened a heavy metal door that read: TO THE POOL. It opened onto a narrow, uncarpeted staircase. He was little more than halfway down the staircase when he heard an all-piercing, sustained scream ----clearly coming from a small, female child. It was highly acoustical, as though it were reverberating within four tiled walls."
From the library's facebook: The Kurt Vonnegut Memorial Library announced today that it will offer one free copy of Slaughterhouse Five to up to 150 students at a high school in Republic, Missouri. Last week, the school board of Republic voted 4-0 to eliminate Slaughterhouse Five and Sarah Ockler’s Twenty Boy Summer from its curriculum and from the school library as the books were deemed “inappropriate” by the school board, based on a complaint from one parent. “It’s not clear to me whether any of the adults making these important decisions in our public schools have actually read these books,” said Julia Whitehead, Executive Director of the Kurt Vonnegut Memorial Library in Indianapolis. “All of these students will be eligible to vote, and some may be protecting our country through military service in the next year or two. It is shocking and unfortunate that those young adults and citizens would not be considered mature enough to handle the important topics raised by Kurt Vonnegut, a decorated war veteran. Everyone can learn something from his book.” The Kurt Vonnegut Memorial Library has received many offers of support for dealing with the book-banning situation. The fledgling nonprofit, which opened in January, 2011, in a space donated by Katz & Korin, P.C., is working with the ACLU in Missouri and Indiana to support the First Amendment rights for the students at Republic High School. The offer of a free book to students requesting a copy is another gesture from the organization to help protect these rights.
I don't care what your reaction was to reading a book, if you can only communicate it with a comic! I don't want to see a picture of your favourite childhood book. Tell us about it, and why you love it. I couldn't give a hairy monkey's shit about the six or seven second hand books you bought at the library, the garage sale, the thrift shop, the fire sale, somewhere. WTF? We need pictures and comics to discuss the written word now?!!! (I should include a rage comic to get bookit karma. ARGGH!!!) EDIT: To all of those who have commented on this post, thank you. To those that agree with me (quite a bit more than I expected), it seems we're probably in the minority. A word about the tone. Many of you attacking me haven't read the whole thread or have ignored the fact that I admitted the outburst above was childish and petulant. It was. But I thought it would have been disingenuous of me to change it. It seems however that perhaps I should draw particular attention to this by editing the main post, rather than just saying it in the comments. I'm sorry about the tone of the post. I regret the use of invective. I regret targeting particular posts (not explicitly, but they can be inferred) and I regret hurting anyone's feelings (if I actually did such a thing). I am not sorry about raising the topic though. It's a valid point. I guess I was just irritable yesterday morning. Such posts are rare for me. Finally, one parting thought. To all of you who have criticised me, insulted me or attacked me over daring to criticise those expressing their opinions, or incredulously asking me why I was trying to "police" bookit, I refer you to a discussion of irony.
I was an employee of B&N all throughout university (3.5 years), and this article really breaks my heart. Say what you will about Barnes being a ruthless big box store. Although pay was and always has been quite low- even with a promotion and small yearly raises- that store really took care of us. The store manager has always told the hard-working employees that there was always a place for us at the store. Even though hours are scarce and sales are low, they're always willing to take us back and give us work if we are in need of extra money, or a job- something that many of my friends have needed to take advantage of. Also, during my time there a substantial hurricane ripped through my region and left many of us without electricity for a week or so. We were paid for all of our hours, both when the store was closed and when it re-opened (we weren't required to come in for a few days, volunteer basis). The company gave us a TON of food, and bottled water... granted it was Godiva chocolates, snacks, juices, biscotti, and other cafe items... but the managers were told to empty out the inventory and let the employees take what they needed. I had Fiji water for months. I can't imagine many businesses did the same. I certainly didn't hear of any others. I dunno. My town doesn't have many indie bookstores. Hope my store can stay in the game for a good bit longer.
My family has had a rough 2 years. My father had a heart attack that he very nearly died from. He came out of it with congestive heart failure. He has to be bedridden most of the day. The astronomical medical bills caused them to lose their house. Despite all this our family has remained very upbeat and has never been closer actually. Most of my siblings and I are adults and out of the house already... I am 27, I have a sister who is 26 and we both work, I have another brother who is 19 and going to college for physics and engineering. My youngest brother though is just 13 and still lives with my parents. My other siblings and I live in the Bay Area of California while my youngest brother and my parents live in Idaho. That means my youngest brother has to act like "man of the house" in a lot of ways... he's has to help my dad around when he can't walk to and from the bathroom, he has to fix things around the house. I've been so proud him this past year for taking on all these responsibilities without any hesitation or complaint. He's a avid reader, as are all of us in the family, my parents used to run a used book selling business out of the house, so we had tens of thousands of books around the house all the time. We sold most of our existing stock to another book seller when we were trying to desperately make mortgage payments to try to keep the house. Money has obviously been tight, so my youngest brother often doesn't get an allowance at all. He gets a few dollars every so often from my mom and he had managed to save about $30 in a year.
I will come to a time in my backwards trip when November eleventh, accidentally my birthday, was a sacred day called Armistice Day. When I was a boy, and when Dwayne Hoover was a boy, all the people of all the nations which had fought in the First World War were silent during the eleventh minute of the eleventh hour of Armistice Day, which was the eleventh day of the eleventh month. It was during that minute in nineteen hundred and eighteen, that millions upon millions of human beings stopped butchering one another. I have talked to old men who were on battlefields during that minute. They have told me in one way or another that the sudden silence was the Voice of God. So we still have among us some men who can remember when God spoke clearly to mankind. Armistice Day has become Veterans' Day. Armistice Day was sacred. Veterans' Day is not. So I will throw Veterans' Day over my shoulder. Armistice Day I will keep. I don't want to throw away any sacred things. What else is sacred? Oh, Romeo and Juliet, for instance. And all music is. Kurt Vonnegut
Very apt comment. I read Juliette as an undergrad and it really fucked me up. 1000 pages of disgusting scenes of murderous orgies followed by nihilistic philosophical discussions that are disturbingly persuasive. The thing that got me was that I was shocked and horrified for the first 500 pages but then something clicked in my head and it just became funny. I remember a scene where a guy was raping a boy while choking him. He killed him as he came, but decided to fuck his body and said to Juliette "it's unfortunate he will not struggle this time." I hated myself for chuckling at that. After I finished the book I was in a black mood for a long time. I felt like I had exposed myself to some great darkness and it ate a bit of my soul. Then I fell hard for a cute christian girl because she was so innocent and pure. That was a mistake. I loved the girl and would have married her in an instant only to live a happy lie until a mid-life realization shattered my rose tinted glasses. In the end that relationship at least took me out of my Sade induced depression back to basically where I was before that damn book.
I'm 16 and recently came out as an atheist to my parents. They're very very conservative christian and I had hoped that they would be accepting but they're not. The books I read have always gone relatively unchecked but now my dad sais that was a mistake. He took about half of my 61 books that I've collected over the years and sais I have to get rid of them. I don't know what to do, Reddit. I've used every argument I can think of and he refuses to see reason. He's going to make me sell them, I'm not sure when. If you live near Morris, IL and you're willing to take about 29 books at least for a few months until I can take them back and hide them or convince him to let me keep them. Many of these books mean a lot to me and I can't bare to see them sold off. Update: There's been a great response so far. Here's the list for those asking: The Monster Hunter Hunter Trilogy by Larry Correia; The Walking Dead Compendium 1 by Robert Kirkman; Anansi Boys, American Gods, Stardust, Smoke and Mirrors, and Fragile Things by Neil Gaiman; Watchers and Prodigal Son by Dean Koontz; High Fidelity by Nick Hornby; Go Mutants by Larry Doyle; Reckless by Cornelia Funke; The Strain by Guillermo Del Toro; H.P. Lovecraft: The Complete Fiction; Eragon and Eldest by Christopher Paollini; Vampirates by Justin Somper; The Lightning Thief and The Sea of Monsters by Rick Riordan; Pride Prejudice and Zombies by Seth Grahame Smith; Dawn of the Dreadfuls by Steve Hockensmith; Everythings Eventual by Steven King and I don't know if it counts but The Skyrim Prima Guide. I have bought and paid for the majority of these with my own money that I earned doing work. The options I've seen so far are: give them to friends (This was what I was originally considering); A few people have offered to come take them (I'd say this along with the first are my best option. Also I'd get to make a new Reddit friend who's close by); try harder to convince (It won't work); Tell him if he wants to get rid of them he has to burn them, then draw as much media attention to this as possible (That might be a little extreme). Update 2: I didn't expect it to get this big, thanks guys. My mom ended up finding this post when she checked my history last night. She was mad at first but I explained things better and we talked for a while. She seems much more accepting and willing to accept than my dad does. Hopefully she'll help sway him. I think I've got them for a little longer now cause I don't think he knows what to do and my mom says she's willing to read some of them and see it from my point of view. Someone mentioned Fahrenheit 451, it's funny I literally picked it up the day after he took my books, knowing what it's about and I'm just waiting for him to ask, "Oh whatcha readin there? What's that about?" and I get to tell him haha. I got a lot of great advice and good arguments to use that I will bring up but for now things are looking up if only a little. Edit: Here's the books he's letting me keep: The Catcher in the Rye by J. D. Salinger; The Complete Sherlock Holmes by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle; The Dark Knight Returns by Frank Miller; I'm Dying Up Here by William Knoedelseder; Seriously Funny by Gerald Nachman; Comedy at the Edge by Richard Zoglin; A Great Silly Grin by Humphrey Carpenter; Hells Angels by Hunter S. Thompson; The Difference Engine by William Gibson; The Battle of the Labyrinth by Rick Riordan; The Hunger Games by Suzanne Collins; Incognito by David Eagleman; A Game of Thrones and A Storm of Swords by George R. R. Martin; Off the Mangrove Coast by Louis Lamour; The Sun Going Down by Jack Todd; 1Q84 by Haruki Murakami; Tales of Mystery and Terror by Edgar Allen Poe; The Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy by Douglas Adams; Homeland by R. A. Salvator; Scott Pilgrim 1-6 by Brian Lee O'mally. Edit: As many are pointing out, yes this is crazy the ones I can have compared to the ones I can't. He judged them completely on cover and what he got off the front/back flap.
This is sad! O little book! A day will come in truth when someone over your page will say, ‘The hand that wrote it is no more.’ I think this one was the most poignant one for me. The scribe, obviously aware of his own mortality and the virtual immortality of his work realised that people dozens, maybe even hundreds of years later would read it. And may be the reader would think to them self "Wow, the person that wrote this copy is long since dead". I often think of similar things while reading an old book or watching an old movie. "I wonder how many of those actors are still around" or "I wonder whatever happened to those people" or, probably the most interesting muse I think: "I wonder who owned this book before me, what they did, if they liked it. Did they take this book anywhere? If only there was a way for me to know the physical history of this particular item...". I guess that's why I like history, and especially talking to older people. It's sort of a one-way time machine. Some sort of portal or wormhole into the past. You put forth your queries, and after awhile you get back a piece of what you were looking for.
Not wanting to return to school, I want to explore the field of Computer Science. This is my planned reading list: The Softer Side Anathem Cryptonomicon (Yeah I'm a Stephenson fanboy ... ) Gödel, Escher, Bach: An Eternal Golden Braid Computer Science Unplugged (Computer Science for kids, without computers) The Design of Everyday Things How the Mind Works Introduction 2. Google's Exploring Computational Thinking 2. Land of LISP 2. Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs 2. Foundations of Computer Science 2. Code: The Hidden Language of Computer Hardware and Software 2. Concepts, Techniques, and Models of Computer Programming 2. Compilers: Principles, Techniques, and Tools (The Dragon Book) 2. Code Complete: A Practical Handbook of Software Construction 2. The C Programming Language 2. The Little Schemer - 4th Edition Mid-Range 2. Introduction to Automata Theory, Languages, and Computation 2. Introduction to Algorithms OMG my Brain! 2. Concrete Mathematics: A Foundation for Computer Science 2. Computational Complexity - A Modern Approach 2. Artificial Intelligence: A Modern Approach (3rd Edition) 2. The Art of Computer Programming (Vol 1-3 (& 4)) META Posts 2. I'm looking for a good book on algorithms. Suggestions? 2. What is the single most influential book every programmer should read? Stack Overflow 2. What Programming Books Should I Read? /r/programming Online Courses 2. MIT Opencourseware 2. USNW - Elearning cough cough I've included Anathem for the sole reason that it encouraged me to start down this road. I plan on moving from Fiction -> Practice -> Theory. What other books should I know about? (cross post to r/programming) EDIT: So I've added the books recommended; what order should they be in? EDIT 2: Wow. Tons of great responses, I'll start filtering through all of these comments and build a better list. Keep the books coming! EDIT 3: This is when I wish reddit had a built in wiki ... EDIT 4: Just found Google's Computational Thinking curriculum for K-12 and just bought the book Land of Lisp. Added them to the Introduction section.
That 17% figure! Yes, let's talk about numbers! And for the sake of some real discussion here, let's talk about these numbers combined with words. Alright, so this review states that "Humans will harvest roughly 17% of what the biosphere grows this year.". This and all the other figures and facts presented clearly states that this is a review of a book about 'contemporary' biomass, not about non-renewables taken from coal mines or oil and gas reserves. Interesting enough, I guess. But then the summary leaves me a bit dumbfounded: "Without moralizing, he makes a convincing case that humans could soon consume an unsustainable share of life." Should life, like it is stated here, really mean grown biomass per year? Literally "life", based on the way the statistics are used here, would mean that when we soon consume "an unsustainable share of life", life would end the next year. So, of course not, this is not what it means. It means Life, as in the permanence of life, the environment, and the temperatures in the atmosphere that support life. Then we are not 'soon' going to consume an unsustainable share of life, we are already consuming to much of it. The Kyoto protocol and the IPCC report is pretty clear about this. You've chosen your statistics wisely, but your choice of words are misleading, dear OP.
I came across this in his introduction to Athanasius' On the Incarnation. EDIT: Sorry for confusion. By 'old' he means classic and 'new' he means modern. Have some context: "The simplest student will be able to understand, if not all, yet a very great deal of what Plato said; but hardly anyone can understand some modern books on Platonism. It has always therefore been one of my main endeavours as a teacher to persuade the young that firsthand knowledge is not only more worth acquiring than secondhand knowledge, but is usually much easier and more delightful to acquire." And "Not, of course, that there is any magic about the past. People were no cleverer then than they are now; they made as many mistakes as we. But not the same mistakes. They will not flatter us in the errors we are already committing; and their own errors, being now open and palpable, will not endanger us. Two heads are better than one, not because either is infallible, but because they are unlikely to go wrong in the same direction. To be sure, the books of the future would be just as good a corrective as the books of the past, but unfortunately we cannot get at them."
The universe is huge. Time is impossibly vast. Trillions of creatures crawl and swim and fly through our planet. Billions of people live, billions came before us, and billions will come after. We cannot count, cannot even properly imagine, the number of perspectives and variety of experiences offered by existence. We sip all of this richness through the very narrowest of straws: one lifetime, one consciousness, one perspective, one set of experiences. Of all the universe has, has had, and will have to offer, we can know only the tiniest fraction. We are alone and minuscule and our lives are over in a blink. All of this strikes me as terribly sad, and if I believed Someone were in charge, I could muster an argument that our awareness of vastness makes our tininess unfair. But here's the thing. Literature lets us experience life through a second consciousness. For a time we share the perspective and experience of the author and his imagination. Our experience of the universe is broadened, multiplied. Without literature, we are all limited to our own lives. With it, we can know something of what it is to be other people, to walk in their shoes, to see the world their way.
Hi everyone. Lev Grossman here. In case you have no idea who I am, I am several things: -- For the past 11 years I've been the staff book critic at Time magazine. I review a lot of books, and I think a lot about what's going on with publishing, the contemporary novel, etc. I also get to interview a lot of interesting people—J.K. Rowling, Jonathan Franzen, Neil Gaiman, Steve Jobs, Bill Gates, etc. This would be an example of the sort of thing I tend to write. -- I'm the author of THE MAGICIANS and THE MAGICIAN KING, which were both New York Times bestsellers. They're fantasy novels with a lot of literary and adult elements worked in. The marketing department calls them "Harry Potter for Grown-Ups." And who am I to argue with the marketing department. -- I'm also the author of a couple of novels that were less successful and/or not at all successful -- I've done a lot of freelance journalism, mostly about books and technology, for Wired, Salon, Lingua Franca, the Wall Street Journal, Entertainment Weekly, the Village Voice, Time Out NY and the New York Times. I also show up on NPR once in a while. -- I'm an identical twin -- I probably spend more time playing KINGDOM RUSH on my iPhone than any other New York Times bestselling author ever. I don't have the exact numbers on that, but I'm pretty confident about it. -- I'm slightly hungover r/Books asked me to post my AMA early so more redditors can ask questions. I’ll be back at 7PM Eastern / 8PM Central for the live AMA. AMA! Lev
I took data from these threads, performed some Excel dark magic, and was left with the following list. Reddit's Bookshelf The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy by Douglas Adams. (Score:3653) 1984 by George Orwell. (Score:3537) Dune by Frank Herbert. (Score:3262) Slaughterhouse 5 by Kurt Vonnegut. (Score:2717) Ender's Game by Orson Scott Card. (Score:2611) Brave New World by Aldous Huxley. (Score:2561) The Catcher in the Rye by J. D. Salinger. (Score:2227) The Bible by Various. (Score:2040) Snow Crash by Neal Stephenson. (Score:1823) Harry Potter Series by J.K. Rowling. (Score:1729) Stranger in a Strange Land by Robert A. Heinlein. (Score:1700) Surely You're Joking, Mr. Feynman! by Richard P. Feynman. (Score:1613) To Kill A Mocking Bird by Harper Lee. (Score:1543) The Foundation Saga by Isaac Asimov. (Score:1479) Neuromancer by William Gibson. (Score:1409) Calvin and Hobbes by Bill Watterson. (Score:1374) Guns, Germs, and Steel by Jared Diamond. (Score:1325) Catch-22 by Joseph Heller. (Score:1282) Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance by Robert M. Pirsig. (Score:1278) **Siddhartha ** by Hermann Hesse. (Score:1256) Click Here for 1-100, 101-200 follow in a reply. I did this to sate my own curiosity, and because I was bored. I thought you might be interested.
Reddit (IMO) isn't really a site that's well-suited to those kinds of discussions. Reddit is all about the now and hot. Posts have a life of a couple of days at most. After a few weeks, they get archived. After a while, even the most enthusiastic devotees of a book get tired of repeating themselves in the new threads, "I just read ____. What did you think?" Even within those few days, you can only talk about what's popular with the Reddit hive mind. If it's not a Reddit favorite ("Ender's Game", "Game of Thrones", "1Q84") it won't get enough upvotes to get past the "New" section. If it's a book Reddit has decided it hates ("Twilgiht", "50 Shades of Gray"), it will get downvoted below the default visibility threshold so fast you might get caught in the undertow. Discussions about specific books are better done on sites that are designed for such things, such as or . These sites have both separate discussion areas for individual books and groups devoted to particular sub-genres. And, your reviews and comments don't disappear after 24 hours.
"Two of our greatest novelists," I heard a British journalist say. While we wait for the obituaries to come in, I suggest that admirers of Iain Banks' considerable body of work (with or without the M) peruse this series of posts revisiting the Culture novels in reverse order by the science fiction novelist Adam Roberts. I also recommend this critical essay on the utopianism of the Culture by Alan Jacobs. I started reading Banks much later than I care to admit, and I won't claim that I've even begun to appreciate the scope of his legacy. A year ago I saw him speak with Kim Stanley Robinson at a joint event where they read excerpts from each other's latest novels, The Hydrogen Sonata and 2312. You might think the two of them are galaxies apart in style, but Robinson's folkloric storytelling style was an excellent match for Banks, whose Scottish gruffness laced with a permanent sense of prankish amusement was oddly perfect for describing Robinson's otherworldly colonial technologies. I didn't have a book on hand for Banks to sign, but I thought, oh well, I could always see him speak again elsewhere. It so happens that we do not, in fact, have all the time in the world.
Just make a post in the comments saying what your situation is. If you're a parent and can't afford a book for your child, if you're a college student backed up with too many loans that you can only pay for food, etc. Once I decide who I'll send it to, I'll send you a personal message asking for your name, address, and which book you'd like. I'll buy two books on Amazon (with Prime!) and send it asap (please try to keep your request under $10, though...and U.S. addresses only, sorry) I was inspired to do this by Random Acts of Pizza, and just think it's a nice thing to do for a society who is reading fewer and fewer books these days... EDIT: Okay, I've bought books for users "placeholder", "functionallyawesome", and "SiouxsieHomemaker". If you are feeling particularly generous, there are definitely other users who I'm sure would appreciate your help! And as some have suggested, perhaps this effort could be consolidated into a new subreddit (Random_Acts_of_Books). Book it forward :) EDIT(2): I've created the subreddit Random_Acts_of_Books. If you were interested in helping out someone else, post an [Offer] header, and if you are seeking a book but cannot help yourself at the moment, put [Request]. It's a similar idea like Random Acts of Pizza, but for books, and I really hope some good can come out of this.
I agree to an extent, but I do still use the phrase guilty pleasure. I think most people understand that this is a figure of speech though, and I don't feel guilty at all about what I'm doing. I don't feel guilty when I enjoy eating something or enjoy a dumb book or movie or tv show. I think most people get that I'm just saying that, whatever activity I'm describing, is a purely hedonistic pleasure. I enjoy reading a good, thought provoking book, and doing so also betters me as a person. I also sometimes enjoy reading cheap pop fiction that doesn't make me think hard about anything or similarly watching a dumb laugh track sitcom with no cleverness and only lots of juvenile humor. I don't really feel guilty about enjoying those things, but I know that they at the very least do me no good other than simple enjoyment, and in large doses, would actually probably do me harm in terms of dumbing down my thoughts. So a guilty pleasure is just something I enjoy, but also something I understand should be done/used in moderation.
Unpopular opinion time. Please leave your rotten fruit at the door before coming in. I see a lot of posts by redditors and their friends about how excited they are about being "self-published." I hate to say this, but being "self-published" doesn't mean ANYTHING. Let's look at the word "published" first. The mistake "self-publishers" make is equating "hard copy of book" (or ebook equivalent) with "published." Thus, they think that if they print out and bind their work via iuniverse or something, they are then "self-published." Nononno! Being published is not just about having a hard copy of one's work - that misses the forest for the trees. Being published is about convincing a third party that your work is worthwhile enough to support and make public. It's about earning the respect of a group completely independent of you and having them fund the dissemination of your ideas. For a novelist this means convincing a publishing company, big or small, that your story is worthwhile. For an academic it means convincing other academics at a university press that your work is important. For poets... well, you get the idea. The bottom line is that real publishing means passing a critical threshhold: your work earning the respect of someone 100% unrelated to you. There are standards you have to meet or exceed to move on. When you go to iuniverse or Amazon and "self-publish" all you're doing is printing out a copy of your work. There's no acceptance by unrelated peers - there's no meeting of minimum standards of your field, be it fiction, poetry, whatever - it's just a print shop. Anyone with the money can print up their work. This misunderstanding that "self-publish" = "publish" might not matter to the casual writers, who just want hard copies to hand out to friends, or to sell on their website. But if you want to be a serious writer all this does is give you an inflated sense of accomplishment that will sabotage your real development. Good writing takes practice, and if you skip the parts where you have to meet minimum standards, or earn the respect of your peers in an established publishing capacity, you're skipping the hard work. You'll never, ever get better like that and you won't get any closer to a real, published result. When someone sees a publishing company logo on a work, be it something huge like Knopf or something tiny like Quirk, people know you've been independently verified - that you've earned the respect of a group established in the literary field and that group believes in your work enough to make it public. That's trust, that's independent verification. When you have iuniverse on your work, all people see is that you paid money to print up a hard copy of your work. That approval from the literary field at large (or your work's niche in it) is not there. So, please stop saying that you're published when you just released something on Amazon, iuniverse, etc. - frankly it makes you look silly and all you're doing is avoiding the real hard work of publishing and sabotaging your own progress.
Probably Final Edit: I want to thank you all for your incredible input. Really. You have said some great things not only about Dune, but about what defines genres of literature and how I should approach reading novels of different varieties. I've been looking for the wrong things in this book, and I shouldn't discount the quality of the book because of that. I'm going to finish reading it, and take your advice into account: I'm going to invest myself in this last bit and enjoy the book for what it is. It might not be my favorite book ever, but reading is not just about sitting back and zoning out into a book; sometimes, it's about pushing your comfort zone and forcing yourself to try new things. Heck, maybe I'll end up liking Dune sometime in the future if I reread it. Thanks, r/books. Here's the deal. I'm probably 3/4-4/5 through Dune (just past the start of part 3), and I'm just not feeling interested in the book anymore. Sure, the setting is unique, the society set up there is reasonable for the situation, and the tale is told as an epic story of grand political schemes and personal character growth, but I'm just not finding the book to be fun to read. To me, Paul is cool as a character, but I can't connect to him because of just how unusual he is, and after reading 3 books into the Song of Ice and Fire series, with its abundance of strong, complex females, his mother's character seems shallow and trite. I guess what I'm wondering is: is finishing the book worth it? I'm already so invested in it, but the book hasn't made me care about the story or what happens to the characters. Thanks for your input, r/books . edit: also could any replies refrain from discussing the ending in detail? I'm one of those people who hates spoilers of any kind, so maybe keep the passage convincing me to finish the book spoiler-free?
I'm not sure what to think. The article mentioned depressed people tend to have a realistic instead of inflated view of their own lives. And being a person who is clinically depressed and with ptsd, I feel like the article is saying my truthful view on life is not only partly to blame, but also wrong. I thought there were many people who were honest with themselves, but I learn now that all normal people actually lie to themselves. I thought the honesty I showed myself was a strength, instead I find it is the cause of my depression, and only when I start lying to myself is when I'll start being normal. I know plenty of people who give themselves an inflated value of self-worth, and all it does it get them into situations that they are unable to handle. They weren't smart enough or didn't have the right training, but because they lied to themselves and then lied to others, these people got themselves into situations they couldn't handle. Maybe I'm overreacting a bit, but most of my experience with this comes from the military, and when dealing with life, and particularly other people's lives, having an inflated self worth, imo, is foolish and dangerous.
Original post: http://www.reddit.com/r/books/comments/1eqmcv/500000_books_need_homes_pictures_and_details/ The update is here! Thanks for being so patient. First though, Carrie sent me a short biography about the store and herself. It is a giant wall of text, but the read is worth it. (I will make a nice cut off so you can come back to the grab bag details quicker): "Once Sold Tales was started by another man, Rick Henderson, in 2004. My then husband was out of work - an unemployed programmer/network engineer from the "dot bomb" - and he was moonlighting to help our economics out. Rick wanted another field of work, so he sold us the 12,000 books and business for 10% of the year's profits. In 2005, Eric Jenott wrote some software to manage the inventory and competitively reprice it, effectively making us competitive with the largest and most prestigious software companies and online book sellers. Within a month, sales had quintupled. We got employees and they worked in our basement to list books for sale and ship them. We started working with libraries and Friends of the Library groups early on, helping their organizations get money for the online sales of their books. We paid them 35% for their online sales, did free book pickups, and soon were working with public libraries, college libraries, Friends & Foundations of libraries, Union Gospel Mission, thrift stores, churches, other booksellers, and were fundraising for all of them. There were up to 250 different organizations we supported throughout Washington state and Northern Oregon. We've gone from 12,000 books in our basement to over 1/2 Million books in 30,000 sq. ft. of warehouse. Those were good times. Books were flying out the door at good prices. I did some presentations at library functions to help Friends of the Library groups understand the online sales process. We have had a lot of fun. We threw a "Tolkien & Tea" Bilbo Baggins birthday party and had a projector show all 3 extended versions of the Lord of the Rings on our warehouse wall while we served tea and "elevensies" to all who came, and many came in costume. The Knights of Veritas also came out and did demonstrations and we hosted their monthly "historically authentic German Longsword" swordsmanship classes in our warehouse (they are located in Moses Lake). We had a Steampunk English Contra Dance fundraiser and raised $500. We've hosted NaNoWriMo (National Novel Writing Month) participants who were writing novels in November and gave them tons of free coffee and cookies. We invited the local Etsy artisans in to show off their wares and get more public exposure through our bookstore, as we support local business. We also did a lot of cool things, too. We donated thousands of audio books to organizations for the blind. We did food drives and gave away free books to folks who would donate food to Northwest Harvest. We donated pregnancy & childcare books to pregnancy centers, and thousands of books to school literacy nights. We also had a great "Zero to 60" Free Book program that let any child aged Birth - 12th grade to come to our bookstore and get 5 FREE books per month from anything in the bookstore. We've had about 1000 kids come in any given month and get their free books. I really think we did a lot of good and helped a lot of people. I try to remember that in the midst of seeing this "good thing" come to a close. A lot of people have certainly been distressed and sad to see us go and have told us how we've impacted their lives. We were a go-to for families with small children who got their free books each month. One mother had 2 dyslexic sons who had trouble reading. They started coming to Once Sold Tales to pick out books they were interested in and spent much more time reading. They had to build bookshelves in their home, and their dad reads to them every night and now they are proficient and avid readers. THAT makes it all worth it. We changed the world, one life at a time. Once Sold Tales was not only helping the community, but it also helped our staff, and my family. Before the business took off, we were fairly impoverished and going to the food bank. I can appreciate hard times and we never wanted there to be an economic barrier to children having access to books. Our staff have also been positively impacted by Once Sold Tales. At least 2 sets of couples have met at Once Sold Tales, and one has already married. Young staff who are often students have been able to pay for college and cars and have gained leadership and business experience from working at Once Sold Tales. Our turnover rate was ridiculously low - especially for the industry - as so many people loved working here. Recently, 2 people have bought homes. We help each other out. We celebrate birthdays and have a generous sick day policy - because life happens. I hope I can find another place to work that is half as awesome as it was to work at Once Sold Tales.... I'm going to miss the people so much and they have promised that we're going to have regular get togethers so we can keep enjoying each other's company. We're crazy, and we like it that way. :-) I've been working at Once Sold Tales for 9 years - since the beginning. I am a self taught marketer, supply logistics, HR, Bookstore manager, sales rep, customer service, software & warehouse process developer, website designer, and partner organization liaison. I just generally call myself the "Business Developer" but now that we're an LLC, I'm officially the President and CEO. It is the most involved job I've ever had - before this, I was a homeschooling mom of 5. And through all this.....I was still a homeschooling mom of 5. :-) Asking me what is my favorite book is akin to asking me which is my favorite child... I enjoy an eclectic variety, but have noticed a distinct Anglophile trend - I love British authors and abhor post modernism. My favorite books: The Hitchhikers Guide To The Galaxy 5-book trilogy by Douglas Adams, The Lord of the Rings by J. R. R. Tolkien, anything by Robert Louis Stevenson, C. S. Lewis, Yeats, Keats, Longfellow, Ralph Waldo Emerson, Shakespeare... I like Tolstoy and Jules Verne and Richard Feynman. I'm completely addicted to Ted Dekker and devour everything he writes, even though it keeps me up all night because I can't put it down and it's frightened my overactive imagination. I thoroughly enjoyed "Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Dead" and "Catch-22 by Joseph Heller" (not so much his other books). I like Charles Dickens and Daniel Defoe. The Three Musketeers. Adventure novels like what Jack London and Gary Paulson writes. Imaginative works that inspire like things by Madeline L'Engle. I'm hoping to read "Master and Commander" and other books by Patrick O'Brian next. I keep meaning to read "The Wheel of Time" series by Robert Jordan and have mutually enjoyed the works of Brian Jacques with my kids. I also think I want to read "Ender's Game" by Orson Scott Card. I like dramatized history and the occasional biography. I like some classics. But not, by any means all. We have a common rant at Once Sold Tales, and that is our frustration with miserable works being called "classics" about selfish, miserable people doing miserable, selfish things. I particularly dislike stories about dysfunctional families or women, chasing after dysfunctional men, and often it all coming to ruin. That would include almost all "romance" novels, Gone With The Wind, Anna Karenina, Madame Bovary, Wuthering Heights, Doctor Zhivago, and I know enough about F. Scott Fitzgerald and "The Great Gatsby" to imagine it is more misery. I have perhaps offended enough people with my disparaging remarks about Twilight....so perhaps it's best if I just don't go there. :-) My staff have a plan for our extra Twilight copies that I am now trying to GIVE AWAY for free. It. Involves. Kindling. At our busiest, ever, we sold about 3,000 books a day. Not too bad for our little company. " ~~DETAILS (I did promise)~~  ~~Product: Standard Reddit Grab Bag~~  ~~Sizes: Small or Large **EDIT** *Bags will have maximum weight of 4 and 8 lbs respectively*~~  ~~Contents: Approximately 8 or 16 mass market paperbacks~~  ~~Level 0 Categories: Adventure, Chick Lit, Random~~  ~~Level 1 Categories:  Science Fiction, Fantasy, Classics, Westerns, Romance, Young Adult~~  ~~Level 2 Categories:  Whatever you request (Authors, special genres, you name it, Carrie and crew will do their best)~~  ~~COST: 10$ or 18$. SHIPPING INCLUDED FOR CONTINENTAL U.S.~~  ===  ~~Product: Children's Reddit Grab Bag~~  ~~Size: Small or Large~~  ~~Contents: As many books as can fit~~  ~~COST: 12$ or 20$~~  ~~**IMPORTANT NOTE** Do **NOT** go to the website for a grab bag! The website is already bogged down enough, and you **CAN NOT** order the grab bag there. ~~  ~~INTERNATIONAL SHIPPING:    Is a pain. Even just across the border to Canada. Right now, rates are being determined so we can offer a standardized product. I will help get this figured out, but for now, sound off in the comments about what you think works best. Maybe a "Here is X dollars, send me as many books as you can!" deal. This will be updated and decisions will be made.~~  ~~HOW TO PURCHASE:    Paypal is the way to pay. All payments to be made to REMOVED. Subject should be your products and the optional message is not optional. Make certain to share your category selections, but note: while Once Sold Tales will try their hardest to get you what you want, only Category 0 can be guaranteed.~~  Check the album in this post for an example: http://imgur.com/a/8wha3  ~~HOW TO DONATE:~~  ~~I don't know! Paypal does have a Donate button, however there are issues involved, since Carrie is running a for-profit business. Implementation is simple with a Paypal Donate Button, but getting the money later has been difficult for others. If you have a suggestion, put it out there and I will find a best solution. Temporary solution: Buy a small random bag of books and beyond the 10$ price, include an itemized 'handling' fee of your choice. You still get books, but also contribute. Then, when the books arrive you donate them, since you are already awesome. If against Paypal TOS, then don't.~~  ~~GIVING BOOKS:    Have a friend or library that could use books, but they are somewhere else? You can order books for others, as a gift,  just make sure to provide the appropriate information. Note: there are rules about sending books to prisons. So don't.~~  IN-PERSON DEAL:  (Warehouse hours: Mon - Sat 10am - 9pm, Sun Noon - 6)  This one works on the honor system. If you can share Carrie's story with someone who hasn't heard it yet, feel free to show up at the warehouse and get one book for free. This deal is only for regular books (no Gutenberg Bibles, which she doesn't have) and only works if you are buying other books as well. (Listen, I could put all that fine print stuff, about one per person per day per solar eclipse blah blah blah, but just be a cool person. Its way easier, since Carrie will just say no if you aren't) When checking out, just say you are from the internet. No, really.  NOTES:    I have never done this before. If it looks like it was slammed together, well, it was. I appreciate the awesome feedback I've gotten and the kind words. If you commented or messaged me, I will get back to you. Give me some time though. Please, though, message me again if you don't hear from me in a week. If you fall through the cracks, I'm sorry and I will get to you.  **EDIT**: Carrie and crew are already seeing a ton of orders! I think reddit is going to break things, but rest assured that your orders will be worked on. There is only one person who is in charge of shipping so please be patient. I am at the store today, so stop on by and say hi. I will also be doing my best to share what I can and reply to comments, but be kind, I haven't been this in-demand ever.  **EDIT2**: I apologize for the weight limits being enacted. These are really high numbers (most bags are 1/2 to 3/4 that) but there are extra heavy books out there that are throwing off the numbers. These prices are somewhere between losing money and beating out pulping, so we all appreciate your patience and understanding.  ~~**EDIT3**: International shipping is here! You select the categories, however there is only one size: USPS Large Flatrate Priority box. These boxes are 23-11/16" x 11-3/4" x 3" or 12" x 12" x 5-1/2" with a maximum weight of 20lbs. Carrie and crew will shove as many books as they can inside. Prices are $65 for Canadian and $85 for all other international. I know the price is high and I'm sorry those not in the continental US can't enjoy the cheapest of books. *Make sure to note INTERNATIONAL so the crew knows how to pull*~~
J.R.R. Tolkien: Then Edward did journey to land that in that time was then known as Forks. His folk were of the ageless race that did hide their faces from the sun for though they might glitter as diamonds under sun,they were shunned by the free peoples of Washington. And Edward did dwell in solitude until one day a maiden of the south did travel. In her land she was called Bella. She did appear to him to be the most fairest of all mortal women that he had witnessed and her mind was as a wall to his vision. His love for her was so great that for time he did almost seem to exact strange hatred upon her visage. And she did flee before his eyes. Victor Hugo: Bela is coveted by Edward. He won't tell her that he loves her directly and prefers to spend all his time in church alternately praying for release from his obsessive love for her and peering our the window for a glimpse of her as she passes by. This take 200+ pages to describe. One hundred page interlude describing the something do with the Napoleonic Wars. Bella becomes pregnant with Jacobs child who then leaves her to go live in Seattle and spend the rest of his life in leisure. She is then forced to flee to the church for sanctuary after the townspeople discover she is pregnant a werewolf. While she lives in the church Edward continues to stalk her but never reveals how he feels. Meanwhile, a cleaning woman is smitten with Edward. Her mother was a maid to Edwards father, who were both secret lovers. One night she finally works up the courage to tell Edward how she feels and enters his room right as she sees him trying to embrace Bella.
A few months ago I posted that my grandma had just published her first book, and that it was awesome for many reasons. Here is the original post: http://www.reddit.com/r/books/comments/g1iue/my_85_year_old_grandma_just_published_her_first/ She has been in town all summer (she lives elsewhere the rest of the year) and our small local library has scheduled her to lead a book discussion and signing a few weeks ago. Other local cafes have hosted her for this same exact event, as well as other libraries in other parts of our state. An anonymous community dweller here in town read the book beforehand and felt that it was "inappropriate for discussion" because the book used the word "fuck" and she objected to it. She called the head county librarian (about 2 hours away from our tiny local branch) and told her to cancel the scheduled book discussion. It was indeed cancelled, flyers had to be removed from town and people were turned away at the library door on the day of the discussion (who went there for that purpose). My grandma was shocked and outraged. In my grandma's words in an e-mail to me about it: " Can you believe this? Not only censorship of a book, but censorship of "freedom of speech". NOT ONE LIBRARIAN READ THE BOOK and yet they believed this **#$%^ $!%& woman and cancelled the discussion based on her opinion." She actually asked me if I would post her story to Reddit for her, so here you go. I think that any support, advice, or direction for her would be appreciated. Here is a link to the book on Amazon: http://www.amazon.com/ROSIES-GRINGO-PALACE-Irene-Tritel/dp/0982805306/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1315175779&sr=8-1 I do have to go out in just a bit and will be gone for a while, but will be back tonight if you have questions you need answered. EDIT: I'm back, it's 9:24 Pacific time - here to respond to the comments who are questioning my validity....I guess? EDIT: It's too late, I gotta sleep. I also removed some offensive words above, as they were bothering me. Sorry. My perogative, nothing more. TL;DR: My grandma got fucked by the local library for using the word "fuck" in her book.
Hello r/books. My best friend since birth lived a completely healthy life for 23 years. 3 months ago he started getting dizzy, then losing motor functions and worse as time passed. Within 3 months he was bed ridden and diagnosed with a brain tumor. They removed the brain tumor via surgery 3 weeks ago but the tests came back that it was melanoma cancer in stage 4. It has spread to 3 places on his spine and he's started emergency chemo and radiation. He is losing his will to live very fast and I need your help. I bought him an iPhone and I need some music/audio books for it that are positive, encouraging and will give him mental strength to live. I firmly believe the cancer fight is one of mental willpower and he need's all the help he can get. Any help will be greatly appreciated!!! Thanks TL;DR : Friend has brain cancer. He's now blind. Lost the will to live. Need audio books to inspire and encourage him. EDIT: Thank you guys so much for all of your feedback. I watched this for an hour yesterday and it wasn't getting any votes so I gave up :( I checked books today just to see if there was anything new and I saw this had shot up. I'm going to look over everyone's responses and get all the audio books I can for him! Thank you all for your help and I'll let him know he has a whole group of fans on reddit :) EDIT #2: Thanks again everyone. I read every single comment and compiled an awesome list of books I know he will love. I took the advice of many here and I'm aiming towards good stories rather than purely inspirational. You all played a part into helping someones life in a huge way. I hope each one of you realize how meaningful that is. Thanks again :)
I am one of the more active moderators on r/writing. I'd be happy to help out here too. edit: Sent deodrus an email, so hopefully that will get his attention. edit2: I had never noticed that this subreddit didn't have many moderators. I think that is why I have gone back and forth subscribing for a few weeks, then unsubscribing for a few. Posts here are hit and miss. I think with a good group of experienced moderators, we can raise the overall quality of posts and increase engagement across the board. Moderators serve as a front line of defense for repetitive posts, spam posts, and off-topic posts primarily. Moderators also serve to foster community spirit by weeding out trouble makers, managing the deciding of rules, and by being leaders in any way they can be. Whoever is chosen to be added to the team needs to have their head on straight, and understand the underlying principles of reddit, r/books, and the people who spend time here. edit3: Ideas I have to improve the sub right away: add more buttons to the sidebar: we can have buttons that say "ask for suggestions" that link to . We can have a button that says "submit picture" that links to the submission page of . This would eliminate a certain degree of troublesome posts. But we could also have buttons that automatically tag titles of posts like a button that says "Discuss a book" that when you click it it has guidelines for a post about discussing books and how to tag it and the proper protocol (which we can decide when the time comes).
I searched but couldn't find anything. I always wanted to read all the classics, i.e. a lot of the ones that are on the lists on this subreddit, and all the ones that are free on the amazon website for the kindle. But whenever I read anything by someone like Dickens, it's just gibberish to me. It takes me a very long time to understand each sentence, re-reading everything. Is there a list of books I can read that'll slowly build up my understanding of the language used pre-20th century? I try to read classic poetry every day but that doesn't help much. I was thinking of taking a classic book from each decade and reading them in backwards chronological order, but I'm not sure that'd help if I don't know exactly what books to read. I have a good friend who is a professor of english literature and she says that Dickens and books like that aren't really very good, and she prefers the ones that are written more simply anyway, so she can't help me. Any ideas? EDIT: Thankyou so much guys :) I'm very surprised how much of a response this has got. I'll take all your advice on board.
I know there have been threads about peoples' favorite series before, but this one is for longer ones. I love nothing more than getting into a great series because who doesn't love a series that keeps you up until the early morning and then makes you get out of bed to find the next one and continue the story. Here's my list: Robert Jordan's (RIP) Wheel of Time. Really just an epic series coming in at 14 books. The final novel is set to be released in January. It got me over my fantasy prejudice. The first book borrows heavily from Lord of the Rings and the author acknowledged this, but from there, it's pretty original world that he creates. There's a minor issue in that book 10, Crossroads of Twilight, is pretty slow. But the series is too good for a single mediocre book to drag it down. I highly suggest it. Give it a shot. Mat Calhoun becomes the best character after being kinda a dick. A Song of Ice and Fire. I don't think that this one really requires an explanation. Another great fantasy world. Martin really drags you in with Game of Thrones before putting in any of the weirder, more fantastical elements. Bernard Cornwell's Sharpe series. There are 11 original books that take Sharpe through the Spanish Peninsula all the way to Waterloo during the Napoleonic Wars as he fights under Wellington. Sharpe is a commoner who was jumped up from the ranks and commands a groups of riflemen- skirmishers. Sharpe is a badass character that is just a ton of fun to read. Cornwell writes great stories and he does a fantastic job at describing the battles in a way that makes them come alive and also very easy to follow. The series was popular enough to warrant Cornwell writing 3 prequels of him in India and now there are 24 total Sharpe books. I recommend to everyone, but I think guys are more likely to like it. Bernard Cornwell's Saxon Stories. Uthred is an Anglo (ok, I'm messing up the term) who is captured by Danes who raise him. He loves the Danes and follows their beliefs. But he becomes a warlord of Alfred the Great, who is responsible for creating the idea of England instead of separate kingdoms. Uthred is another great character. He's fun to listen to, talks down to the priests (except one or two), creates controversy, and is another badass motherfucker whose exploits are just a ton of fun to follow. Conn Iggulden's Conqueror series. Follows Genghis Khan from childhood, his uniting of the Mongol people, and their conquests. Later goes on to follow his descendants. Really good historical fiction. First book is a tad slow for a little bit, but it picks right up again. Based heavily on The Secret History of the Mongols. His Emperor series will be 5 books when the next one comes out, but it's just too fictionalized and untrue to the historical record for my taste. Colleen McCullough's Master of Rome Series. Probably the best historical fiction out there in terms of scholarship, accuracy, and detail. 7 books take you from 110-27 BC. Very long books that are pretty dense. But the time period is well documented and she does a great job with it. There are plenty of real characters that she uses that are all fascinating. Patrick O'Brian's Aubrey–Maturin series (AKA Master and Commander). Probably the golden standard of historical fiction. If you're interested in the British Navy during the time period, this is what you want to read. Great books. Must reads. Hornblower gets a nod, but O'Brian's series is better. Simon Scarrow's Eagle series. Follows a Roman centurion and his optio (think sergeant). Cato is upjumped as a favor for his father and has to prove himself whereas Macro is a grizzled veteran. They have enemies within the officer corps of the Roman elite who strive to undermine them. Two really cool characters that interact well. The first books start in Britain, but they go all over the Empire. Pretty good to the historical record for the most part. Vince Flynn's Mitch Rapp series. Kind of a guilty pleasure of mine. Rapp is a CIA agent who does the whole counter-terrorism deal. Lots of stereotypes. He's a badass. He hates the red tape and regulations that hold him back from achieving his goals. All that good stuff. But the stories are good, plots interesting, and it shits all over something like Dan Brown in terms of a light read that is actually good. King's The Dark Tower- 8 books, all really good. Read it. I know I'm forgetting a couple so I'll post some more later. Would like to see what r/books likes in terms of series and maybe find a new one for when I finish rereading Wheel of Time. edit: fucking bullet point
While I applaud your actions, as the husband of a teacher I find this a very difficult problem. In every job I have ever had I expect and receive everything I need to do my job and this is taken as being part of having a business. In teaching there seems to be an unrealistic burden placed on teachers to supply large quantities of equipment the school should be supplying. What annoys me even more is that the people in control of the budgets know that teachers are too committed to hurt the children by refusing to spend their own money, so the budget holders are never forced to confront their own tight fistedness (I am referring to politicians, not the budget holders of the school). As a household the money we end up contributing to the running of a school is no great hardship, but it is annoying knowing that it's in addition to the tax already pay. Maybe there needs to be one day a year where teachers present all the receipts of vital school supplies they've purchased themselves. Then we burn the current minister for education in effigy. Anyway, great book choices.
Ok, so with the final Harry Potter film coming up soon, I had my usual OCD urge to finish the book series before I watched the last two films. I downloaded a torrent file with a bunch of books, and was pleased to see the Harry Potter series in it, thinking I'd finally get through it. I trudged through, and finally finished it last night. I was talking with my roommate and his girlfriend today about how I hated the end where they alluded to Dudley Dursley being the next Voldemort, and was met with looks of confusion. I explained where it happened, and then we went back and forth, and apparently our versions of the book had been different. I was confused, because as we got deeper into it, it became clear that we had read COMPLETELY DIFFERENT versions of this last book. I checked the wikipedia, and it fell in line with what they were saying about the book, which I had not believed them because it sounded like it SUCKED compared to the version I had read. I decided I must find out the truth, and went on a quest. I then found the FANFIC I had just read, which had been placed in the massive torrent file, renamed as Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows. I highly encourage reading through it - the ENTIRE book was rewritten, and it was very well done. I now go to find the real version to finish (pissed off, I thought I was done with this series!) - and I leave this post here for you all to be amused, ridiculing, curious, blasé, whatever, etc., et al, ad nauseam. EDIT: Some of you seem to think I have an aversion to supporting the author, which is just completely untrue. It happened to be in a big torrent of books, most of which were out-of-print/free. I was lazy and read the books, so what? I'll probably buy the series again anyways, just 'cause I like to own things, and digital copies just don't have the same feel. For the rest of you who saw this as the amusing event that I saw it as, carry on.
Over a year ago, Raerth took upon himself the superhuman task of creating a list of Reddit's favorite books, which is linked in the sidebar and I'm sure most of you have seen. Now he's working on a new, updated list with more data, so with that in mind I figure it's time for a new thread where we can add such data by voting on our favorite books with our upvotes. Please be sure to: Include the author as well as the title in each post Only post one book per post Preferably include separate books in a series in separate post (IE, don't post "The Lord of the Rings." Instead, post separate entries with each respective book. Be sure to Ctrl+F to see if your book has already been posted. I'll start with a few of my favorites. EDIT: There are a lot of novels here which is wonderful, but I'd like to remind you that you can also submit books of nonfiction, plays, or short stories. EDIT2: There are a few duplicates showing up. Please be sure to use Ctrl+F so that duplication can be avoided and Raerth can count more easily. EDIT3: As the list of books in this thread gets larger, please be sure not to only give a cursory glance at the top-voted suggestions but also dig into the ones that may be lower down!
I had to get the hardback of The Ocean at the End of the Lane for my local book club, and of course I got it for a substantial discount via Amazon, but I find it unacceptable that a publisher can list a cover price of $26 for what Gaiman admits in the afterword is a short story stretched into a novel, and which I think is really at best a novella (or, if Stephen King wrote it, an actual short story). I think prices like this are helping contribute to the demise of the local independent bookseller, who can't possibly match the 47% discount Amazon offers, and to the demise of the printed book and brick-and-mortar bookstores in general. What causes this? Are paper costs really climbing that high? Are ebooks and the deep discounts they offer forcing publishers to compensate by raising prices on physical books? Or am I overreacting, and should just accept that having to pay $30+ to hold a book in your hands is the way of the world now? EDIT: I'm not really sure what I expected as a relatively new user on Reddit, but I want to thank you all for a lot of thoughtful, reasonable, respectful responses. (Cue racist deluge NOW.)
This is called artificial scarcity - you create an artificial system that enforces scarcity on an unlimited good, because that's the simplest way of milking it for cash. It fits the old resource constrained model of physical goods that we've become used to - and crafted economic systems around - over the last few millennia. There is very little gold, it's hard for individuals to get more, therefore it has value. Air is plentiful, it's easy for individuals to get more, therefore it has no value. Note that economic value has no correlation to actual value, in this example, just to scarcity. However, this model doesn't fit digital things at all - they are, by their nature, unlimited in quantity and duplication and distribution are virtually cost free. Duplication also produces a copy perfect in every way - and leaves the original intact - meaning that you can make an infinite number of copies, and distribute one to everyone on the planet for free, without 'stealing' the 'original' file - it'll still be there. This means that digital things are sort of like Air in our example - they have no value under our current economic systems, because they are not just abundant, but truly infinite in supply. Digital things are a new type of thing - made of bits, not atoms. They behave differently, following completely different rules to physical goods. Trying to make them follow the rules that physical things follow doesn't work very well, as the media & content industries are currently painfully discovering. The current schemes attempting to impose artificial scarcity are not only faintly ridiculous, but also mathematically impossible - they cannot be made to work, even in theory. They can only make things harder temporarily - by making digital goods a bit more like physical goods, for a while.
I don't really know how to do this, because my post was over the max characters, so I've decided to put the other parts in my comments rather than making three or four separate posts. Hopefully this works for you all. I was looking at my bookcase tonight and I decided to pull some books from there that I really enjoyed, but don't often see people talk about, and share them with you. I always enjoy recommendations, and I hope you all enjoy them as well. I write notes for every book I've read. If you have any questions about the books, I can dig up my notes and share with you what I wrote while reading the book. I've shared what little I remember about each one. The Counterfeiters by Andre Gide - Set in Paris just prior to World War I, this novel uses the plot of counterfeit money to explore some pretty interesting concepts (e.g., what is value? what differentiates a copy from its original?). With a tone of hopeless nihilism, and a seedy, cynical prose, we follow human disorder, weakness and despair from birth to death. The Demolished Man by Alfred Bester - In a future ruled by enlightened telepaths who prevent crime by knowing about it before it occurs, how can one man possibly get away with murder? This masterpiece is a super interesting sci-fi read whose suspense will have you turning pages when you should be sleeping. It's not a highly intellectual read, but a lot of good fun to be had here. Hunger by Knut Hamsun - This is the story of a man who is losing his mind from starvation. It's a story of a man with too much pride. Honestly, very rarely does a book really get under my skin, but this book made me feel as though I was losing my mind. I thoroughly enjoyed it, but was glad when it was finally over as well. Angels by Denis Johnson - After reading Seek, I found myself a bit obsessed with Denis Johnson. I've now read many of his books, but one that has stuck with me has to be his first novel, Angels. Quite a few years ago I was having a discussion with a friend about the role each person has in their own life. I was on the side that people are often nothing more than captives of their own circumstances, while my friend took a much more Sartrean approach saying that each person wills their own life, thus is responsible for everything that comes out of it. This discussion is one of the major themes of this book. How much of a role do we have in our own lives, and how much of where we are is due to our circumstances? Denis Johnson is probably the best American writer alive -- sad he doesn't get more recognition. Pigtopia by Kitty Fitzgerald - I really enjoyed Katherine Dunn's Geek Love, and when I set out to find something similar, I certainly wasn't thinking I'd find something better, but that's exactly what happened. In the same vein as Dunn's book, Pigtopia is certainly filled with gore and macabre. However, as shocking as this book may be, it is also filled with beauty. It's the story of a disfigured, abused, and abandoned idiot who has created his own world (a la Pan's Labyrinth) to escape his reality. Someone comes along and pulls him from his world to help him face the real world. This is an awesome story of rejection and love. I don't want to give too much away, so I'll stop here. Second Hand Smoke by Thane Rosenbaum - Honestly, I've read way too many books about the Holocaust -- I'm really done with this subject at this point. However, I picked up this book on my wife's recommendation, and I'm really glad I gave it a chance. Unlike many Holocaust books, this one doesn't actually deal with the concentration camps directly. Rather, this is a book set in Miami, following a card shark who lives by the wits she used to survive the Holocaust. More than that, this is the story of her family, and how her experience impacts those who did not experience it. Now maybe the title packs more of a hit? Meditations in Green by Stephen Wright - This was one of the best war novels I've read. It's the story of the Vietnam war, and its aftermath, and the chronicle of the decay of one soldier. The protagonist is initially a cocky man, thinking the war may be a bit of fun, and something he can certainly get through unharmed. We watch as the man decays from an intelligent and strong person into a heroin addict trying to turn himself into a plant form. The amazing aspect of this book is how Wright is able to relate the Vietnam war to the absurdities in our lives in the real world. James Griffin (the protagonist) hasn't really left what is wrong with the world back in Vietnam. This isn't going to be very popular around here, but I enjoyed this book more than I enjoyed Catch-22, and Wright certainly deserves far more recognition than Heller received, but alas that's not how history unfolded. Kitchen by Banana Yoshimoto - This is actually two short stories, each dealing with death, transsexuality, kitchens and love. The biggest focus here is going on with one's own life after the loss of a loved one. I really enjoyed both stories, and thought they dealt with the subject matter beautifully. In the Dutch Mountains by Cees Nooteboom - I really enjoy the creativity of Cees Nooteboom. I've yet to read anything by him that I did not enjoy. This story starts in a classroom, where a Spanish bureaucrat tells a story. The story is of Kai and Lucia, the children of circus performers, who are forced to leave their safe home and travel to a place in ruins. Kai is abducted by the Snow Queen's sorcerer, leaving Lucia -- with the aid of a clown -- to save him. This is a great book for kids, but even adults will enjoy entering the imaginative and incredible worlds Cees Nooteboom builds. Caucasia by Danzy Senna - Being biracial myself (Mexican/White), I am very interested in the subject of race. This is the story of a young girl's struggle to understand her roots and her identity. However, this book transcends the subject of race -- while examining it -- and is really a story of identity that any race can identify with.
11. The Engineer of Human Souls by Josef Skvorecky - The story is told from the ruins of Central Europe; yet what emerges is a comedy that is dark and explosively funny. One of the main themes of this book is how small people can stand up and fight against a very strong government. As well, this book explores what it's like to be an exile, all alone in the world. It may not sound like it, but it's something you'll find yourself relating to. 12. Babel-17 by Samuel R. Delaney - I love cheesy sci-fi covers. Actually, I stayed far away from sci-fi for many years due to the cheesy covers, but in the end it was a cheesy cover that convinced me to pick up my first sci-fi novel. Babel-17 is about language, how it defines who we are, how it relates to our thoughts, and how it controls every aspect of our lives. Personally, I'm not much of one for analytic philosophy. I'd rather read Heidegger than Frege any day. But, I've got to be honest, this book has really piqued my interest in the philosophy of language, and since finishing this book I've been reading what Frege, Kripke, Russell, Searle and Putnam have to say on the subject. 13. The Fixer by Bernard Malamud - Set in Tsarist Russia, this tells the story of a Jewish handyman who is blamed for the brutal murder of a young Russian boy. He goes on the run, denies his Jewish identity, and finds himself in an anti-Semitic group. Malamud said of the book: "Whatever else it had to be about, it had to be about how the idea of freedom grows in the mind of a man subjected to a grave injustice." This book is a masterpiece.
I make a point of giving away my books after I read them (with rare exceptions). I've given away about 80 or 90 books on Bookmooch. I have 70 points, which basically means 70 free books. I'll NEVER use all of them because I get a book, then post it right back after I'm done and get my point again. I hate for them to just be sitting there and never used. If you want a FREE book (don't even pay shipping) browse the site and if you see something you want, send me a PM and I'll reserve it and have it sent to you. Edit: Be sure to view the inventory of the site and send me a link to the book that you want. Not everything is available... only what people are willing to get rid of. Also send your address so I know where to have it shipped. Edit2: I'm at work and we're leaving the office for the afternoon. I'll reply and send when I get home. Please be sure to look at the listing and make sure that the user that's sending it will ship within your country. Also, send me the address so that I can request right away. Thanks! Edit3: Oh geez, I wake up after sobering up and have 6 pages of requests. I'll be answering them on a first come, first serve basis. You'll get a PM from me either way. Now to start requesting! Edit 4: Ok, I think I broke the site. I sent requests for 20 books and it's telling me that a mod needs to contact me, probably because of the high volume of requests. ha! I'll continue after they fix it. I'm currently reviewing requests that were sent around 2pm EST, just so you can see where you stand in line. Books Sent The Scarlet Letter A Vast Conspiracy: The Real Story of the Sex Scandal That Nearly Brought Down a President Living History A Beautiful Mind The Ox-Bow Incident A Tale of Two Cities Raptor Red The Terminal Man The Memory of Earth Hyperion The Goodbye Book: A Gleeful Guide to the Tearful Partings of Men and Women--From Movies, Literature, Songs and Life--With Quavering Lost Boys: A Novel Dragons of Light The Talisman TWO COPIES Skeleton Crew Looking Forward A Farewell to Arms The Lord of the Rings The Devil Wears Prada States Sent to: NY x 2 AL TX x 2 RI MA NC WI x 2 IL x 3 20 book sent so far!
I don't mean while you are actively reading, but the experience of being in the middle of a book and going about your day, the passive moments where you are within the story but not actively reading and moving it forward. This is going to be tough to describe accurately, but I feel like the attitudes of characters begin to get channeled through me. My general stance or posture towards the world always gets influenced too. I think this is one of the reasons I love reading Haruki Murakami novels; the world takes on this magical tinge as I'm walking around the city after I'd been reading something by him like the night before. Most recently I read Franzen's Freedom as I went through a break-up and I found solace (or at times, wallowed in the pain of the experience) through inhabiting the mental space of various characters through out it. I am assuming this can't be that unusual, but it is rarely discussed as far as I know. This feature of reading is one of the things that in my mind sets the printed word apart as a medium. It engages your mind so fully that it almost re-calibrates your perspective for a while.
I'm thinking of unsubscribing from this subreddit because every post (including the gratuitous "Look which books I just bought!" and the "best of" lists) seems to just fawn over the same few authors. I get it: nerds like Douglas Adams, Neil Gaiman, Stephen King, J.R.R. Tolkien, Orson Scott Card, Kurt Vonnegut, Frank Herbert, George R. R. Martin, and J.K. Rowling. These are mostly good authors, and a couple are great. But we've all heard of all of them at this point. Why aren't there more posts about non-fiction books? Or literary fiction? How about discussion of classic literature, or reviews of new books that aren't necessarily sf/fantasy? Yes, I know these things get posted to some extent, but right now there are three different Gaiman related posts, a meme, an Ender's Game post, a post about The fucking Alchemist, and multiple posts about a potential movie of The Giver, a young adult book. I guess this is just me blowing off steam and it will (deservedly) get downvoted to hell. It's just that when I found this subreddit I was excited, because I love to read lots of different kinds of books, and talk about them, and I thought I would find people who feel the same. So now that I've most likely alienated everyone here, do any of you feel the same as me? Do you wish more different types of books/authors were discussed? Or do you think I'm being unfair and overreacting? Maybe I'm just a big jerk? I'm curious to see what you all think.
That's because they're easy to love. Its like young love, all you see is that idealistic part of a person. Adult love is a lot more difficult because it's real, you pick up the nuances that make them real, and you recognize when something is frill and when something is from the heart. It's all fine and dandy to like a book when you were younger, but reading them today, you realize you're fooling yourself. As you evolve, the books you love evolve. That's what make those books that are hard to read so great, because they challenge you, they ask you "Who are you really and why the hell do you think that?". They may make you cry or make you laugh uproariously, but the great books just leave you with a strange feelings. You're slightly unsettled, but you can't stop reading, because with every sentence everything just makes more sense. Great books are great because they're torture, and love is torture, and art is torture. Everything resonates with the suffering of all the little people and things over the world, and the devil is in the details.
The r/Books mods are firming up the concept of what r/Books is all about. Feel free to weigh in on opinions related to: Purpose We will develop a guiding statement for r/Books going forward. Something to help new members understand what the subreddit is about and to help moderators keep things in line. This community is focused on discussing books, authors, genres, or everything else book related. The current statement might cover it for us without any changes. Discussion of books, info on authors, genres and everything else. We may add scope to include the publishing industry and e-books into that scope as well. 2) Rules - What r/Books Encourages and Removes These are my draft points of view that can be accepted, rejected or adjusted. We mods are working through what should be carved in stone and what might need to evolve organically with the community... I will personally push for no memes. None at all. Point here is that memes become the antithesis of book discussion, which should be at the core of r/Books. We will work to encourage posting of book-related news and questions that spur book-related discussions. Book recommendations are a constant request. Potential to have a process in place to highlight recommendation questions. Bookporn should probably be eliminated. "Look at what I own" pictures rarely add value and there are subreddits like r/bookshelf for bookish photo shoots. Blogspamming is an issue today and will only become more of an issue. We will continue to ban spammers quickly. AMAs will continue to become part of the agenda. The nature of r/Books is that these will need to be more recognized authors plus industry people. Point in all of this is to add an element of focus to r/Books as the subreddit grows. We all have seen subreddits degrade due to volume and lack of purpose. We will also be putting out an official request for help from new mods - please keep an eye out. Thoughts?
Man is hungry. He steal bread to feed family. Get home, find all family have gone Siberia! “More bread for me,” man think. But bread have worm. Man car break down near house of farmer. Take shelter in barn. Find farmer daughter in barn. Oh! Hot stuff! But TOO LATE! Is already rape by soldier. Latvian walk into bar with mule. Bartender say, “Why so long face?” Latvian say, “I was thinking of my daughter. She has been lie with soldier for potato feed baby. “ Three Latvian are brag about sons. “My son is soldier. He have rape as many women as want,” say first Latvian. “Zo?” second say, “My son is farmer. He have all potato he want!” Third Latvian wait long time, then say, “My son is die at birth. For him, struggle is over.” “Wow! You are win us,” say others. But all are feel sad. Q : What are one potato say other potato? A : Premise ridiculous. Who have two potato? Q : How many Latvian is take screw in light bulb? A : 25. One screw in, 24 ride bicycle generator for 1-hour shift. But time probably better spend search food. Q: What is happening if you cross Latvian and potato? A: This is cruel joke. please, no more.
I'm Jewish, and here's my favorite Jewish joke: Two beggars are sitting on a sidewalk in Rome. One is wearing a large cross, and has a picture of the Virgin Mary. The other is wearing a kippah and tzitzit, and has a beard and side curls. The first is getting tons of money, but the second is hardly getting any. A priest comes to the second beggar, and says "you know, you'd probably get more money if you weren't so openly Jewish. People see the two of you, and choose to support their religion by giving to the Christian beggar." The first beggar turns to the second and says "Hey, look who's trying to teach the Goldstein brothers marketing" Here's another: A man walks into a coffee shop in 1930's Berlin and sees his Rabbi reading Der Sturmer. He's shocked, and says "Rabbi, why on earth are you reading Nazi propaganda?" He explains "you see, when I read the Jewish press, we're having our rights taken away, our stores boycotted and broken into, and our kids kicked out of school. But in der sturmer, we're in control of everything! It's great!"
There are 3 Spies that get captured. One spy is French, one is German and the other is Italian. Their captors come into the cell and grab the French spy and tie his hands behind a chair in the next room. They torture him for 2 hours before he answers all questions and gives up all of his secrets. The captors throw the French spy back into the cell and grab the German spy. They tie his hands behind the chair as well and torture him for 4 hours before he tells them what they want to know. They throw him back into the cell and grab the Italian spy. They tie his hands behind the chair and begin torturing. 4 hours go by and the spy isn't talking. Then 8 hours, then 16 and after 24 hours they give up and throw him back into the cell. The German and French spy are impressed and ask him how he managed to not talk. The Italian spy responds, " I wanted to!, but I couldn't move my hands!". EDIT: Glad everyone likes this joke. I want to give credit to a great friend of mine named Ron who told it to me.
A lost dog strays into a jungle. A lion sees this from a distance and says with caution "this guy looks edible, never seen his kind before". So the lion starts rushing towards the dog with menace. The dog notices and starts to panic but as he's about to run he sees some bones next to him and gets an idea and says loudly "mmm...that was some good lion meat!". The lion abruptly stops and says " woah! This guy seems tougher then he looks, I better leave while I can". Over by the tree top, a monkey witnessed everything. Evidently, the monkey realizes the he can benefit from this situation by telling the lion and getting something in return. So the monkey proceeds to tell the lion what really happened and the lion says angrily "get on my back, we'll get him together". So they start rushing back to the dog. The dog sees them and realized what happened and starts to panic even more. He then gets another idea and shouts "where the hell is that monkey! I told him to bring me another lion an hour ago..."
... and he's wearing an expensive, expertly tailored black suit. The mortician asks the deceased's wife how she would like the body dressed, pointing out that the man does look good in the black suit he is already wearing. The widow, however, says that she always thought her husband looked his best in blue, and that she wants him in a blue suit. She gives the mortician a blank check and says, 'I don't care what it costs, but please have my husband in a blue suit for the viewing.' The woman returns the next day and to her delight, she finds her husband dressed in a gorgeous blue suit with a subtle chalk stripe; the suit fits him perfectly. She says to the mortician, 'Whatever this cost, I'm very satisfied.. You did an excellent job and I'm very grateful. How much did you spend?' To her astonishment, the mortician presents her with the blank check, 'There's no charge.' 'No, really, I must compensate you for the cost of that exquisite blue suit,' she says. 'Honestly, ma'am,' the mortician says, 'it cost nothing. You see, a deceased gentleman of about your husband's size was brought in shortly after you left yesterday, and he was wearing an attractive blue suit. I asked his wife if she minded him going to his grave wearing a black suit instead, and she said it made no difference as long as he looked nice.' 'So I just switched the heads.'
She was a very good-looking woman and determined to keep the ranch, but knew very little about ranching, so she decided to place an ad in the newspaper for a ranch hand. Two cowboys applied for the job. One was gay and the other a drunk. She thought long and hard about it, and when no one else applied she decided to hire the gay guy, figuring it would be safer to have him around the house than the drunk. He proved to be a hard worker who put in long hours every day and knew a lot about ranching. For weeks, the two of them worked, and the ranch was doing very well. Then one day, the rancher's widow said to the hired hand, "You have done a really good job, and the ranch looks great. You should go into town and kick up your heels." The hired hand readily agreed and went into town one Saturday night. One o'clock came, however, and he didn't return. Two o'clock and no hired hand. Finally he returned a round two-thirty, and upon entering the room, he found the rancher's widow sitting by the fireplace with a glass of wine, waiting for him. She quietly called him over to her.. "Unbutton my blouse and take it off," she said. Trembling, he did as she directed. "Now take off my boots." He did as she asked, ever so slowly.. "Now take off my socks." He removed each gently and placed them neatly by her boots. "Now take off my skirt." He slowly unbuttoned it, constantly watching her eyes in the fire light. "Now take off my bra.." Again, with trembling hands, he did as he was told and dropped it to the floor. Then she looked at him and said, "If you ever wear my clothes into town again, you're fired."
She puts on her robe and goes downstairs to look for him. She finds him sitting at the kitchen table with a cup of hot cocoa in front of him. He appears to be in deep thought, just staring at the wall. She watches as he wipes away a tear from his eye. "What's the matter, dear?" she whispers as she steps into the room.... "Why are you down here at this time of night!?" The husband looks up from his drink, "It's the 20th Anniversary of the day we met." She can't believe he has remembered and starts to tear up. The husband continues, "Do you remember 20 years ago when we started dating? I was 18 and you were only 15," he said solemnly. Once again, the wife is touched to tears thinking that her husband is so caring and sensitive. "Yes, I do" she replies. The husband pauses....... The words were not coming easily. "Do you remember when your father caught us in the back seat of my car?" "Yes, I remember" said the wife, lowering herself into a chair beside him. The husband continued. "Do you remember when he shoved the shotgun in my face and said, Either you marry my daughter or I will make sure you spend the next 20 years in prison?" "I remember that, too" she replied softly... He sighed as he wiped another tear away from his cheek and said, "I would have gotten out today."
... was so depressed that she decided to end her life by throwing herself into the ocean. She went down to the docks and was about to leap into the frigid water when a handsome young sailor saw her tottering on the edge of the pier, crying. He took pity on her and said, "Look, you have so much to live for. I'm off to Europe in the morning, and if you like, I can stow you away on my ship. I'll take good care of you and bring you food every day." Moving closer, he slipped his arm around her shoulder and added, "I'll keep you happy, and you'll keep me happy." The girl nodded yes. After all, what did she have to lose? Perhaps a fresh start in Europe would give her life new meaning. That night, the sailor brought her aboard and hid her in a lifeboat. From then on, every night he brought her three sandwiches and a piece of fruit, and they made passionate love until dawn. Three weeks later, during a routine inspection, she was discovered by the captain. "What are you doing here?" the captain asked. "I have an arrangement with one of the sailors," she explained. "I get food and a trip to Europe, and he's screwing me." "He certainly is," the captain said. "This is the Staten Island Ferry."
And ends up standing in front of the pearly gates. Saint Peter looks at him for a second, flicks through his book, and finds his name. "So, you're a politician..." "Well, yes, is that a problem?" "Oh no, no problem. But we've recently adopted a new system for people in your line of work, and unfortunately you will have to spend a day in Hell. After that however, you're free to choose where you want to spend eternity!" "Wait, I have to spend a day in Hell??" says the politician. "Them's the rules" Says St Peter, clicks his fingers, and WOOMPH, the guy dissapears... And awakes, curled up with his hands over his eyes, knowing he's in Hell. Cautiously, he listens for the screams, sniffs the air for brimstone, and finds... Nothing. Just the smell of, is that fabric softener? And cut grass, this can't be right? "Open your eyes!" says a voice. "C'mon, wakey wakey, we've only got 24 hours!". Nervously, he uncovers his eyes, looks around, and sees he's in a hotel room. A nice one too. Wait, this is a penthouse suite... And there's a smiling man in a suit, holding a martini. "Who are you??" The politician asks. "Well, I'm Satan!" says the man, handing him the drink and helping him to his feet. "Welcome to Hell!" "Wait, this is Hell? But... Where's all the pain and suffering?" he asks. Satan throws him a wink. "Oh, we've been a bit mis-represented over the years, it's a long story. Anyway, this is your room! The minibar is of course free, as is the room service, there's extra towels next to the hot-tub, and if you need anything, just call reception. But enough of this! It's a beautiful day, and if you'd care to look outside..." Slightly stunned by the opulent surroundings, the man wanders over to the floor-to-ceiling windows through which the sun is glowing, looks far down, and sees a group of people cheering and waving at him from a golf course. "It's one of 5 pro-level courses on site, and there's another 6 just a few minutes drive out past the beach and harbour!" says Satan, answering his unasked question. So they head down in the lift, walk out through the glittering lobby where everyone waves and welcomes the man, as Satan signs autographs and cherrily talks shop with the laughing staff. And as he walks out, he sees the group on the golf course are made up of every one of his old friends, people he's admired for years but never met or worked with, and people whose work he's admired but died long before his career started. And out of the middle of this group walks his wife, with a massive smile and the body she had when she was 20, who throws her arms around him and plants a delicate kiss on his cheek. Everyone cheers and applauds, and as they slap him on the back and trade jokes, his worst enemy arrives, as a 2 foot tall goblin-esque caddy. He spends the day in the bright sunshine on the course, having the time of his life laughing at jokes and carrying important discussions, putting the world to rights with his friends while holding his delighted wife next to him as she gazes lovingly at him. Later, they return to the hotel for dinner and have an enormous meal, perfectly cooked, which descends into a food-fight when someone accidentally throws a bread roll at the next table (where Ghandi is having a game of truth-or-dare with Marylin Monroe). As everyone is falling about laughing and flinging breadsticks at each other, his wife whispers in his ear... And they return to their penthouse suite, and spend the rest of the night making love like they did on their honeymoon. After 6 hours of intense passion, the man falls deep into the 100% Egyptian cotton pillows, and falls into a deep and happy sleep... And is woken up by St Peter. "So, that was Hell. Wasn't what you were expecting, I bet?" "No sir!" says the man. "So then" says St Peter "you can make your choice. It's Hell, which you saw, or Heaven, which has choral singing, talking to God, white robes, and so on". "Well... I know this sounds strange, but on balance, I think I'd prefer Hell" says the politician. "Not a problem, we totally understand! Enjoy!" Says St Peter, and clicks his fingers again. The man wakes up in total darkness, the stench of ammonia filling the air and distant screams the only noise. As he adjusts, he can see the only light is from belches of flame far away, illuminating the ragged remains of people being tortured or burning in a sulphurous ocean. A sudden bolt of lightning reveals Satan next to him, wearing the same suit as before and grinning, holding a soldering iron in one hand and a coil of razor-wire in the other. "What's this??" He cries. "Where's the hotel?? Where's my wife??? Where's the minibar, the golf-courses, the pool, the restaurant, the free drinks and the sunshine???" "Ah", says Satan. "You see, yesterday, we were campaigning. But today, you voted..."
A bear and a squirrel were walking through the forest when the stumbled on a magic frog who said he would grant them both three wishes. The bear goes first. "I wish all the bears in the forest besides me were female" said the bear. "Then I'd get laid all the time." "It is so." Said the frog, and all the bears in the forest besides him were female. The squirrel goes next. "I wish for a motorcycle." He said. "It is so." replied the frog, and a motorcycles appeared. The bear went next with his second wish. "I wish all the bears in all the neighboring forests were female." "It is so" said the frog. Then the squirrel. "I wish for a helmet." The frog waved his hand and a helmet appeared for the squirrel. Then the bear had his last wish. "Okay, why not?" He says. "I wish all the bears in the world, besides me were female." "It is so." Said the frog, and he made it happen. He turned to the squirrel and asked "What is your third and final wish?" The squirrel shouted "I wish the bear was gay!" and he hopped on his motorcycle and drove off.
... after talking to her for a bit, he asks her, "Alright. Enough talk. How much is it gonna cost me for a handjob?" "$50," She says. "$50 for a handjob? You've got to be kidding me!" He replies. "Come over here," She says. "See that car outside?" She points to the window. He looks out, and sees a brand new sports car. "Wow, that looks pretty expensive." He says. "I bought that purely off $50 handjobs." She replies. The man thinks to himself, "Hell, they must be pretty good." So he gives her $50, and sure enough, best one he's ever had. He goes back the next night and finds her again. After a few drinks he says, "Alright. That handjob last night was pretty good. How much for a blowjob?" "$500." She says. "$500? That's fucking ridiculous." The man replies. "Come here. See that house on the hill?" she says. So the man comes over, and looks out the window. Outside on the hill, he sees an immaculate mansion. Easily more than 20 rooms. "Wow, that looks extremely expensive." he says. "I bought that off of $500 blowjobs." she says. So following suit, the man gives her $500, and sure enough, it's the best blowjob of his entire life. On the third night, he returns once more. "Alright," He says. "No more playing around. How much is it gonna cost for some pussy?" She replies, "Hell, if I had a pussy I'd own this town!"
Four friends, who hadn't seen each other in 30 years, reunited at a party. After several drinks, one of the men had to use the rest room. Those who remained talked about their kids. The first guy said, "My son is my pride and joy. He started working at a successful company at the bottom of the barrel. He studied Economics and Business Administration and soon began to climb the corporate ladder and now he's the president of the company. He became so rich that he gave his best friend a top of the line Mercedes for his birthday." The second guy said, "Darn, that's terrific! My son is also my pride and joy. He started working for a big airline, and then went to flight school to become a pilot. Eventually he became a partner in the company, where he owns the majority of its assets. He's so rich that he gave his best friend a brand new jet for his birthday." The third man said: "Well, that's terrific! My son studied in the best universities and became an engineer. Then he started his own construction company and is now a multimillionaire. He also gave away something very nice and expensive to his best friend for his birthday: A 30,000 square foot mansion." The three friends congratulated each other just as the fourth returned from the restroom and asked: "What are all the congratulations for?" One of the three said: "We were talking about the pride we feel for the successes of our sons. What about your son?" The fourth man replied: "My son is gay and makes a living dancing as a stripper at a nightclub." The three friends said: "What a shame...what a disappointment." The fourth man replied: "No, I'm not ashamed. He's my son and I love him. And he hasn't done too bad either. His birthday was two weeks ago, and he received a beautiful 30,000 square foot mansion, a brand new jet and a top of the line Mercedes from his three boyfriends!"
The train was quite crowded, and the Marine walked the entire length looking for a seat. There seemed to be one next to a well-dressed middle-aged French woman, but when he got there he saw it was taken by the woman's poodle. The war-weary Marine asked, "Ma'am, may I have that seat?" The French woman sniffed and said to no one in particular, "Americans are so rude.. My little Fifi is using that seat.." The Marine walked the entire train again, but the only seat available was under that dog. "Please, Ma'am. May I sit down? I'm very tired." She snorted, "Not only are you Americans rude, you are also arrogant!" This time the Marine didn't say a word; he just picked up the little dog, tossed it out the train window and sat down. The woman shrieked, "Someone must defend my honor! Put this American in his place!" An English gentleman sitting nearby spoke up. "Sir, you Americans seem to have a penchant for doing the wrong thing. You hold the fork in the wrong hand. You drive your autos on the wrong side of the road. And now, sir, you seem to have thrown the wrong bitch out the window."
A guy sees a sign in front of a house: "Talking Dog for Sale." He rings the bell and the owner tells him the dog is in the backyard. The guy goes into the backyard and sees a black mutt just sitting there. "You talk?" he asks. "Sure do." the dog replies. "So, what's your story?" The dog looks up and says, "Well, I discovered my gift of talking pretty young and I wanted to help the government, so I told the CIA about my gift, and in no time they had me jetting from country to country, sitting in rooms with spies and world leaders, because no one figured a dog would be eavesdropping. I was one of their most valuable spies eight years running." "The jetting around really tired me out, and I knew I wasn't getting any younger and I wanted to settle down. So I signed up for a job at the airport to do some undercover security work, mostly wandering near suspicious characters and listening in. I uncovered some incredible dealings there and was awarded a batch of medals." "Had a wife, a mess of puppies, and now I'm just retired." The guy is amazed. He goes back in and asks the owner what he wants for the dog. The owner says, "Ten dollars." The guy says, "This dog is amazing. Why on earth are you selling him so cheap?" "Cause he's a liar. He didn't do any of that shit!"
A very distinguished lady was on a plane arriving from Switzerland. She found herself seated next to a nice priest whom she asked: "Excuse me Father, could I ask a favour?" "Of course my child, What can I do for you?" "Here is the problem, I bought myself a new sophisticated hair remover gadget for which I paid an enormous sum of money. I have really gone over the declaration limits and I am worried that they will confiscate it at customs. Do you think you could hide it under your cassock?" "Of course I could, my child, but you must realize that I cannot lie." "You have such an honest face Father, I am sure they will not ask you any questions", and she gave him the "hair remover". The aircraft arrived at its destination. When the priest presented himself to customs he was asked, "Father, do you have anything to declare?" "From the top of my head to my sash, I have nothing to declare, my son", he replied. Finding this reply strange, the customs officer asked, "And from the sash down, what do you have?" The priest replied, "I have there a marvellous little instrument destined for use by women, but which has never been used." Breaking out in laughter, the customs officer said, "Go ahead Father. Next!"
when he asked her "I must say, you run a real tight ship over here, would you mind telling me some of your secrets or advice?". The queen said "sure, its quite simple, I surround myself with smart people, for example, watch this". She then calls upon Tony Blair. "Tony, I have a simple question, if you mother has a child and your father has a child, and it's not your brother or sister, then who is it?" Tony Blair thinks for a moment and responds "Well it would be me" "Correct. Thank you very much Tony" says the queen. Bush says "Ahh, you know, that's real clever, I might have to try that on some of my cabinet members. Thank you very much" Bush is now back home in the U.S and calls Donald Rumsfeld to his office. "Donald, I have a question for you. If your mother has a child and your father has a child and it's not your brother or sister, who is it?" Donald thinks long and hard and says "You know George, I'm not sure, but I'll give you an answer by tomorrow" Bush agrees and lets Donald go. Donald then gathers up the cabinet and asks them the question. Nobody knows the answer, and after many failed attempts somone speaks up and says "I know! lets ask Colin Powell! He's a smart man, he should know". So they call up Colin Powell. They ask him, "Colin, we have an important question for you... if your mother has a child and your father has a child and it's not your brother or sister, who is it?" "You bunch of morons, it would be myself!" says Colin Powell. "Ahhh!! We get it now!" says the members of the cabinet. The next day Donald Rumsfeld approaches the president. "Sir, I believe I have the answer to that question you asked me the other day." says Donald. "Well ok, Donald, what is the answer?" "Colin Powell!" says Rumsfeld Bush looks at him for a second and gets up and yells "No you god damn idiot, it's Tony Blair!"
A married couple was in a terrible accident where the woman's face was severely burned. The doctor told the husband that they couldn't graft any skin from her body because she was too skinny. So the husband offered to donate some of his own skin. However, the only skin on his body that the doctor felt was suitable would have to come from his buttocks. The husband and wife agreed that they would tell no one about where the skin came from, and requested that the doctor also honor their secret. After all, this was a very delicate matter. After the surgery was completed, everyone was astounded at the woman's new beauty. She looked more beautiful than she ever had before! All her friends and relatives just went on and on about her youthful beauty! One day, she was alone with her husband, and she was overcome with emotion at his sacrifice. She said, "Dear, I just want to thank you for everything you did for me. There is no way I could ever repay you." "My darling," he replied, "think nothing of it. I get all the thanks I need every time I see your mother kiss you on the cheek."
A couple in their 80's were having problems remembering things, so they decided to the go the doctor for a checkup. The doctor tells them that they are physically okay, but they might want to start writing things down to help them remember. Later that night, while watching TV, the old man gets up from his chair. His wife asks, "Where are you going?" "To the kitchen for a drink," he replies. She asks, " Will you get me piece of cake?" The husband says, "Sure." She gently reminds him, "Don't you think you should write it down so you don't forget it?" He says, "No, I can certainly remember that!" Then the woman says, "Well, I'd like some strawberries on top. You'd better write it down because I know you'll forget it." The man replies, "I can remember that! You want some cake with strawberries." She adds, "I'd also like whipped cream on top. Now I'm certain you're gonna forget that, so you'd better write it down ok." Irritated, he says, "I don't need to write it down woman! I can remember that! Cake with strawberries! And whipped cream!" He then grumbles into the kitchen. After about 30 minutes the old man returns from the kitchen and hands his wife a plate of bacon and eggs. She stares at the plate for a moment and says, "Where's my toast?
Two rednecks decided that they weren't going anywhere in life and thought they should go to college to get ahead. The first goes in to see the counselor, who tells him to take Math, History, and Logic. "What's Logic?" the first redneck asks. The professor answers by saying, "Let me give you an example." "Do you own a weedeater?" "I sure do." "Then I can assume, using logic, that you have a yard," replied the professor. "That's real good!" says the redneck. The professor continues, "Logic will also tell me that since you have a yard, you also own a house." Impressed, the redneck says, "Amazin!" "And since you own a house, logic dictates that you have a wife." "That's Betty Mae! This is incredible!" The redneck is obviously catching on. "Finally, since you have a wife, logically I can assume that you are heterosexual," said the professor. "You're absolutely right! Why that's the most fascinatin' thing I ever heard! I can't wait to take that logic class!!" The redneck, proud of the new world opening up to him, walks back into the hallway, where his friend is still waiting. "So what classes are ya takin'?" asks the friend. "Math, History, and Logic!" replies the first redneck. "What in tarnation is logic???" asked his friend. "Let me give you an example. Do ya own a weedeater?" asked the first redneck. "No," his friend replied. "Fag."
A priest hooks a huge fish. Helping him reel it in, a sailor says, "Whoa, look at the size of that fucker!" "Hey, mind your language!" says the priest. Embarrassed, the sailor thinks quickly and blurts out, "Sorry father, but that's what this fish is called - it's a Fucker fish." Accepting the explanation, the priest forgives the sailor and takes the fish back to church. "Look at this huge fucker," says the priest, spotting the bishop. "Language, please! This is God's house," replies the bishop. "No, no - that's what this fish is called," says the priest. "Oh," says the bishop, scratching his chin. "I could clean that fucker and we could have it for dinner". So the bishop takes the fish, cleans it, and brings it to the mother superior. "Could you cook this fucker for dinner tonight?" he asks her. "My, what language!" she exclaims, clearly shocked. "No, sister that's what the fish is called - a fucker," says the bishop. Satisfied with the explanation, the mother superior says, "Wonderful, I'll cook that fucker tonight - the Pope is coming for dinner!" The fish tastes just great and the Pope asks where they got it. "Well, I caught the fucker!" says the priest. "And I cleaned the fucker!" says the bishop. "And I cooked the fucker!" says the mother superior. The Pope stares at them for a minute with a steely gaze, leans back on his chair, takes off his cap, puts his feet up on the table, pours himself a whiskey and says, "You know what? You cunts are alright". Edit: Changed it to Graphiite's formatting, thank you! And yes, I've got this joke off 4chan... :D
A man dies and goes to hell. He finds that there is a different hell for each country. He decides he'll pick the least painful to spend his eternity. He goes to Germany Hell and asks, 'What do they do here?' ... He is told 'first they put you in an electric chair for an hour. Then they lay you on a bed of nails for another hour. Then the German devil comes in and whips you for the rest of the day'. The man does not like the sound of that at all so he moves on. He checks out the USA Hell as well as the Russia Hell and many more. He discovers that they are all similar to the German hell. Then he comes to the BOTSWANA Hell and finds that there is a long line of people waiting to get in. Amazed, he asks, 'What do they do here?' He is told 'first they put you in an electric chair for an hour. Then they lay you on a bed of nails for another hour. The BOTSWANA devil comes in and whips you for the rest of the day. 'But, that is exactly the same as all the other hells why are there so many people waiting to get in?' asks the man. Because there is never any electricity, so the electric chair does not work. The nails were paid for but never supplied, so the bed is comfortable to sleep on. And the BOTSWANA devil used to be a civil servant, so he comes in; signs his time sheet and goes back home for private business.'
A father passing by his son's bedroom was astonished to see that his bed was nicely made and everything was picked up. Then he saw an Envelope, propped up prominently on the pillow that was addressed to 'Dad.' With the worst premonition he opened the envelope with trembling hands and read the letter. Dear Dad: It is with great regret and sorrow that I'm writing you. I had to elope with my new girlfriend because I wanted to avoid a scene with Mom and you. I have been finding real passion with Stacy and she is so nice. But I knew you would not approve of her because of all her piercing, tattoos, tight motorcycle clothes and the fact that she is much older than I am. But it's not only the passion...Dad she's pregnant. Stacy said that we will be very happy. She owns a trailer in the woods and has a stack of firewood for the whole winter. We share a dream of having many more children. Stacy has opened my eyes to the fact that marijuana doesn't really hurt anyone. We'll be growing it for ourselves and trading it with the other people that live nearby for cocaine and ecstasy. In the meantime we will pray that science will find a cure for AIDS so Stacy can get better. She deserves it. Don't worry Dad. I'm 15 and I know how to take care of myself. Someday I'm sure that we will be back to visit so that you can get to know your grandchildren. Love, Your Son John PS. Dad, none of the above is true. I'm over at Tommy's house. I Just wanted to remind you that there are worse things in life than a Report card That's in my center desk drawer. I love you. Call me when it's safe to come home
There was a scientist working away in obscurity for years with peculiar experiments on spiders. After years and years he placed an advertisement in several academic journals to let the community know he and was to host a live show to demonstrate his findings. At the event hundreds were there more out of curiosity than anything as the details of the findings were kept secret. The man himself wandered on stage and silenced the murmurs. 'Today I will demonstrate two things. The first being that spiders can understand and respond to basic commands.' The crowd laughed and jeered but undeterred he opened a box on his desk and a spider crawled out. 'Spider, walk left' The spider moved to its left. The crowd was silenced. 'Spider, move right.' The spider moved right. The crowd gasped. Forward, backward, the spider responded again and again. The crowd applauded in awe. The scientist then removed all of the spider's legs. The crowd, confused by this, watched in silence. 'Move left' The spider didn't move. 'Move right' Nothing. Forward, backward, no response. 'This is to demonstrate my second finding. Once you remove a spider's legs, it goes deaf.'
I told my husband that I would be home by midnight, 'I promise!' Well, the hours passed and the margaritas went down way too easily. Around 3 a.m., a bit loaded, I headed for home. Just as I got in the door, the cuckoo clock in the hallway started up and cuckooed 3 times. Quickly, realizing my husband would probably wake up, I cuckooed another 9 times. I was really proud of myself for coming up with such a quick-witted solution, in order to escape a possible conflict with him. (Even when totally smashed... 3 cuckoos plus 9 cuckoos totals = 12 cuckoos MIDNIGHT!) The next morning my husband asked me what time I got in, I told him 'MIDNIGHT'... he didn't seem pissed in the least.......... Whew, I got away with that one! Then he said 'We need a new cuckoo clock.' When I asked him why, he said, 'Well, last night our clock cuckooed three times then said 'oh shit.' Cuckooed 4 more times, cleared its throat, cuckooed another three times, giggled, cuckooed twice more, and then tripped over the coffee table and farted.
Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall bought new shoes for her wedding. During the big day they became increasingly tighter and tighter as the day went on. That night, when the festivities were finally over and they retired to their room, she flopped on the bed and said, "Charles, darling, please remove my shoes, my feet are killing me!" Her ever-obedient Prince of Wales attacked her right shoe with vigour, but it would not budge. "Harder!" yelled Camilla, "Harder." Charles yelled back, "I'm trying, darling! But it's just so bloody tight!" "Come on! Give it all you've got!" she cried. Finally, when it released, Charles let out a big groan and Camilla exclaimed, "There! Oh, God, that feels so good!" In their bedroom next door, the Queen said to Prince Phillip, "See! I told you with a face like that, she had to be a virgin!" Meanwhile, as Charles tried to remove her left shoe, he cried, "Oh, God, darling! This one's even tighter!" At which Prince Phillip said to the Queen, "That's my boy! He served in the Navy: once a Rear Admiral, always a Rear Admiral!
A couple of women were playing golf one sunny Saturday morning. The first of the two some teed off and watched in horror as her ball headed directly toward a foursome of men playing the next hole. Indeed, the ball hit one of the men, and he immediately clasped his hands together at his crotch, fell to the ground and proceeded to roll around in evident agony. The woman rushed down to the man and immediately began to apologize. She said, "Please allow me to help. I'm a physical therapist and I know I could relieve your pain if you'd allow." "Ummph, oooh, nnooo, I'll be all right...I'll be fine in a few minutes," he replied breathlessly as he remained in the fetal position still clasping his hands together at his crotch. But she persisted, and he finally allowed her to help him. She gently took his hands away and laid them to the side, she loosened his pants, and she put her hands inside. She began to massage him. She then asked him, "How does that feel?" To which he replied, "It feels great, but my thumb still hurts like hell."
Keep this in mind the next time you are about to repeat a rumor or spread gossip. In ancient Greece (469 - 399 BC), Socrates was widely lauded for his wisdom. One day an acquaintance ran up to him excitedly and said, "Socrates, do you know what I just heard about Diogenes?" "Wait a moment," Socrates replied, "Before you tell me, I'd like you to pass a little test. It's called the Triple Filter Test." "Triple filter?" asked the acquaintance. "That's right," Socrates continued, "Before you talk to me about Diogenes let's take a moment to filter what you're going to say. The first filter is Truth. Have you made absolutely sure that what you are about to tell me is true?" "No," the man said, "Actually I just heard about it." "All right," said Socrates, "So you don't really know if it's true or not. Now let's try the second filter, the filter of Goodness. Is what you are about to tell me about Diogenes something good?" "No, on the contrary..." "So," Socrates continued, "You want to tell me something about Diogenes that may be bad, even though you're not certain it's true?" The man shrugged, a little embarrassed. Socrates continued, "You may still pass the test though, because there is a third filter, the filter of Usefulness. Is what you want to tell me about Diogenes going to be useful to me?" "No, not really." "Well," concluded Socrates, "If what you want to tell me is neither True nor Good nor even Useful, why tell it to me or anyone at all?" The man was bewildered and ashamed. This is an example of why Socrates was a great philosopher and held in such high esteem. It also explains why Socrates never found out that Diogenes was banging his wife.
A woman is at home when she hears someone knock at the door.She goes to the door and opens the door to see a man standing there. He asks the lady, 'Do you have a vagina?' She slams the door in disgust. The next morning she hears a knock at the door and it is the same man and he asks the same question of the woman, 'Do you have a vagina?' She slams the door again. Later that night when her husband gets home she tells him what has happened for the last two days. The husband tells the wife in a loving and concerned voice, 'Honey, I am taking tomorrow off to be home just in case this guy shows up again.' The next morning they hear a knock and both run for the door. The husband says to the wife in a whispered voice, 'Honey, I'm going to hide behind the door and listen and if it is the same guy I want you to answer yes to the question because I want to see where the bastard is going with it.' She nods yes to her husband and opens the door. Sure enough the same fellow is standing there and asks the same question; 'Do you have vagina'? 'Yes, actually I have one,' she says. The man replies.. 'Good! Would you mind telling your husband to leave my wife's alone and start using yours?'
It got crowded in heaven, so, for one day it was decided only to accept people who had really had a bad day on the day they died. St. Peter was standing at the pearly gates and said to the first man, "Tell me about the day you died." The man said, "Oh, it was awful. I was sure my wife was having an affair, so I came home early to catch her with him. I searched all over the apartment but couldn't find him anywhere. So I went out onto the balcony, we live on the 25th floor, and found this man hanging over the edge by his fingertips. I went inside, got a hammer, and started hitting his hands. He fell, but landed in some bushes. So, I got the refrigerator and pushed it over the balcony and it crushed him. The strain of the act gave me a heart attack, and I died." St. Peter couldn't deny that this was a pretty bad day, and since it was a crime of passion, he let the man in. He then asked the next man in line about the day he died. "Well, sir, it was awful," said the second man. "I was doing aerobics on the balcony of my 26th floor apartment when I twisted my ankle and slipped over the edge. I managed to grab the balcony of the apartment below, but some maniac came out and started pounding on my fingers with a hammer. Luckily I landed in some bushes. But, then the guy dropped a refrigerator on me!" St. Peter chuckled, let him into heaven and decided he could really start to enjoy this job. "Tell me about the day you died?", he said to the third man in line. "OK, picture this, I'm naked, hiding inside a refrigerator ..."
Three bulls heard the rancher was bringing another bull onto the ranch. First Bull: "I've been here five years. I'm not giving this new bull any of my 100 cows." Second Bull: "I've been here three years and have earned my right to 50 cows. I'm keeping all my cows." Third Bull: "I've only been here a year, and so far, you guys have only let me have 10 cows. I may not be as big as you fellows, but I'm keeping all 10 of my cows." Just then an 18-wheeler pulls up in the pasture carrying the biggest bull they've ever seen. At 4,700 pounds, each step he takes strains the steel ramp. First Bull: "I think I can spare a few cows for our new friend." Second Bull: "I actually have too many cows to take care of. I can spare a few. I'm certainly not looking for an argument." They look over at the third bull and find him pawing the dirt, shaking his horns and snorting. First Bull: "Son, don't be foolish -- let him have some of your cows and live to tell about it." Third Bull: "Hell, he can have all my cows. I'm just making sure he knows I'm a bull."
good one. here is a favorite of mine: A farmer goes out one day and buys a brand new stud rooster for his chicken coop. The rooster struts over to the old rooster and says, 'OK, old fart, time to retire.' The old rooster replies,' come on, you can't handle ALL these chickens. Look what it's done to me. Can't you just let me have the two old hens over in the corner?' The young rooster says, 'Beat it! You're washed up and I'm taking over.' The old rooster says 'I'll tell you what, young stud, I'll race you around the farmhouse. Whoever wins gets exclusive domain over the entire chicken coop.' The young rooster laughs, 'You know you don't stand a chance old man, so just to be fair, I'll give you a head start. 'The old rooster takes off running. About 15 seconds later the young rooster takes off after him. They round the front of the farmhouse and the young rooster has closed the gap. He's already about 5 inches behind the old rooster and gaining fast. The farmer, meanwhile, is sitting on the front porch when he sees the roosters running by. He grabs up his shotgun and BOOM!, he blows the young rooster to bits.
A couple was on their honeymoon, lying in bed, about ready to consummate their marriage, when the new bride says to the husband, "I have a confession to make, I'm not a virgin." The husband replies, "That's no big thing in this day and age." The wife continues, "Yeah, I've been with one guy." "Oh yeah? Who was the guy?" "Tiger Woods." "Tiger Woods, the golfer?" "Yeah." "Well, he's rich, famous and handsome. I can see why you went to bed with him." The husband and wife then make passionate love. When they are done, the husband gets up and walks to the telephone. "What are you doing?" asks the wife. The husband says, "I'm hungry, I was going to call room service and get something to eat." "Tiger wouldn't do that." "Oh yeah? What would Tiger do?" "He'd come back to bed and do it a second time." The husband puts down the phone and goes back to bed to make love a second time. When they finish, he gets up and goes over to the phone. "Now what are you doing?" she asks. The husband says, "I'm still hungry so I was going to get room service to get something to eat." "Tiger wouldn't do that." "Oh yeah? What would Tiger do?" "He'd come back to bed and do it again." The guy slams down the phone, goes back to bed, and makes love one more time. When they finish he's tired and beat. He drags himself over to the phone and starts to dial. The wife asks, "Are you calling room service?" "No! I'm calling Tiger Woods, to find out what the par is for this damn hole."
Tom had been in Police work for 25 years. Finally sick of the stress, he quits his job and buys 50 acres of land in the hills in Tasmania as far from humanity as possible. He sees the postman once a week and gets groceries once a month. Otherwise it's total peace and quiet. After six months or so of almost total isolation, someone knocks on his door. He opens it and a huge, bearded man is standing there. 'Name's Cliff, your neighbor from forty miles up the road. Having a Christmas party Friday night. Thought you might like to come at about 5:00...' 'Great', says Tom, 'after six months out here I'm ready to meet some local folks thank you.' As Cliff is leaving, he stops. 'Gotta warn you. Be some drinking'.' 'Not a problem' says Tom. 'After 25 years in the business, I can drink with the best of 'em'. Again, the big man starts to leave and stops. 'More 'n' likely gonna be some fighting' too.' 'Well, I get along with people, I'll be all right! . I'll be there. Thanks again.' 'More'n likely be some wild sex, too,' 'Now that's really not a problem' says Tom, warming to the idea. 'I've been all alone for six months! I'll definitely be there.. By the way, what should I wear?' 'Don't much matter. Just gonna be the two of us.
and he wants chicks. So, he goes down the road to the next farmer and asks if he has a rooster. The other farmer says, "yeah, I've got this great rooster, named randy; he'll service every chicken you've got. No problem" well, Randy the rooster is a lot of money, but the farmer decides he'd be worth it. so, he buys Randy. The farmer takes Randy home and sets him down in the barnyard, giving the rooster a pep talk, "Randy, I want you to pace yourself now. You've got a lot of chickens to service here and you cost me a lot of money, and I'll need you to do a good job. So, take your time and have some fun," the farmer said with a chuckle. Randy seemed to understand, so the farmer points towards the hen house and Randy took off like a shot ~WHAM~ He nails every hen in there THREE or FOUR times and the farmer is just shocked. Randy runs out of the hen house and sees a flock of geese down by the lake ~WHAM~ he gets all the geese. Randy's up in the pigpen. He's in with the cows. Randy is jumping on every animal the farmer owns. The farmer is distraught, worried that his expensive rooster won't even last the day. Sure enough, the farmer goes to bed and wakes up the next day to find Randy dead as a doorknob in the middle of the yard. Buzzards are circling overhead. The farmer, saddened by the loss of such a colorful animal, shakes his head and says, "Oh, Randy, I told you to pace yourself. I tried to get you to slow down, now look what you've done to yourself." Randy opens one eye, nods towards the sky and says, "Shhh. They're getting closer..." Well worth the read EDIT: Since this hit front page I must credit my friend. He text this to me while I was at work and I put it on here. I'm glad you all like it.
A guy hails a cab at the airport and tells the driver to go to a certain address. When he gets there he sees a beautiful three story townhouse in a upper-class part of town. He knocks and an attractive woman opens the door. "I wanna see Natalie" The lady looks the man up and down, he clearly doesn't have a lot of money. "Sir, to see Natalie you will have to pay $1,000 for half an hour" "No problem, I have money" Just then a gorgeous brunette in a black evening gown comes down the stairs and the guy looks at her "Natalie?" "Yes?" "I want to spend a little time with you" She smirks at the man's appearance "It will cost you $1,000" The guy takes out a roll of cash and hands it to her, they go upstairs, do the dirty and he leaves half an hour later. The next day the guy is back, he knocks, the madame opens and is quite surprised that the guy is back "I wanna see Natalie" "Well it's still $1,000" "O.K., I have the money" He shows her the money, he goes upstairs, hands the money to Natalie, spend half an hour poking her clam and leaves. So it continues for three more days, after the fifth day Natalie turns to him while he's dressing and says "You know it's the first time that somebody came back so many times; where are you from?" "I am from Michigan" Natalie sits up. "Really? I have a sister in Michigan" The guy grins and replies "I know, she gave me $5,000 to give you"
A young family moved into a house next door to an empty plot. One day, a gang of building workers turned up to start building on the plot. The young family's 5-year-old daughter naturally took an interest in all the activity going on next door and started talking with the workers. She hung around and eventually the builders, all with hearts of gold, more or less adopted the little girl as a sort of project mascot. They chatted with her, let her sit with them while they had tea and lunch breaks, and gave her little jobs to do here and there to make her feel important. They even gave the child her very own hard hat and gloves, which thrilled her immensely. At the end of the first week, the smiling builders presented her with a pay envelope - containing two pounds in 10p coins. The little girl took her 'pay' home to her mother who suggested that they take the money to the bank the next day to open a savings account. At the bank, the female cashier was tickled pink listening to the little girl telling her about her 'work' on the building site and the fact she had a 'pay packet'. 'You must have worked very hard to earn all this', said the cashier. The little girl proudly replied, 'Yes, I worked every day with Steve and Wayne and Mike. We're building a big house.' 'My goodness gracious,' said the cashier, 'And will you be working on the house again next week?' The child thought for a moment. Then she said seriously: 'I think so. Provided those wankers at Jewsons deliver the fucking bricks on time.'
One evening a man was at home watching TV and eating peanuts. He'd toss them in the air, and then catch them in his mouth In the middle of catching one, his wife asked him a question - and as he turned to answer her, a peanut fell in his ear. He tried and tried to dig it out but succeeded in only pushing it in deeper. He called his wife for assistance, and after hours of trying they became worried and decided to go to the hospital. As they were ready to go out the door, their daughter came home with her date. After being informed of the problem, their daughter's date said he could get the peanut out.. The young man told the father to sit down, then proceeded to shove two fingers up the father's nose and told him to blow hard. When the father blew, the peanut flew out of his ear. The mother and daughter jumped and yelled for joy. The young man insisted that it was nothing. Once he was gone, the mother turned to the father and said, 'That's so wonderful! Isn't he smart? What do you think he's going to be when he grows older?' The father replied, 'From the smell of his fingers, our son-in-law.
An old gentleman lived alone in New Jersey. He wanted to plant his annual tomato garden, but it was very difficult work, as the ground was hard. His only son, Vincent, who used to help him, was in prison. The old man wrote a letter to his son and described his predicament: Dear Vincent, I am feeling pretty sad because it looks like I won't be able to plant my tomato garden this year. I'm just getting too old to be digging up a garden plot. I know if you were here my troubles would be over. I know you would be happy to dig the plot for me, like in the old days. Love, Papa A few days later he received a letter from his son. Dear Papa, Don't dig up that garden. That's where the bodies are buried. Love, Vinnie At 4 a.m. the next morning, FBI agents and local police arrived and dug up the entire area without finding any bodies. They apologized to the old man and left. That same day the old man received another letter from his son. Dear Papa, Go ahead and plant the tomatoes now. That's the best I could do under the circumstances.
An attorney arrived home late, after a very tough day trying to get a stay of execution for his death row client. His last minute plea for clemency to the governor had failed and he was feeling worn out and depressed. As soon as he walked through the door at home, his wife started on him about, What time of night to be getting home is this? Where have you been? Dinner is cold and I'm not reheating it'. And on and on and on. Too shattered to play his usual role in this familiar ritual, he poured himself a shot of whiskey and headed off for a long hot soak in the bathtub, pursued by the predictable sarcastic remarks as he dragged himself up the stairs. While he was in the bath, the phone rang. The wife answered and was told that her husband's client, James Wright, had been granted a stay of execution after all. Wright would not be hanged tonight. Finally realizing what a terrible day he must have had, she decided to go up stairs and give him the good news. As she opened the bathroom door, she was greeted by the sight of her husband, bent over naked, drying his legs and feet and said "They're not hanging Wright tonight!" He whirled around and screamed, 'FOR THE LOVE OF GOD WOMAN, DON'T YOU EVER STOP?'
Two women are chatting in an office. Woman 1: "I had sex last night, did you?" Woman 2: "Yes." Woman 1: "Was it good?" Woman 2: "No, it was a disaster... my husband came home, ate his dinner in three minutes, got on top of me, finished having sex in five minutes, rolled over and fell asleep in two minutes. How was yours?" Woman 1: "Oh it was amazing! My husband came home and took me out to a romantic dinner. After dinner we walked for an hour. When we came home he lit the candles around the house and we had an hour of foreplay. We then had an hour long session of fantastic sex and afterwards talked for an hour. It was like a fairytale!" At the same time, their husbands are talking at work. Husband 1: "You wanted sex last night, how was it?" Husband 2: "Great. I came home, dinner was on the table, I ate, had sex with my wife and fell asleep. It was great! What about you?" Husband 1: "It was horrible. I came home, there's no dinner because they cut the electricity because I hadn't paid the bill; so I had to take my wife out to dinner which was so expensive that I didn't have money left for a cab. We had to walk home which took an hour - and when we got home I remembered there was no electricity so I had to light candles all over the house! I was so angry that I couldn't get it up for an hour and then I couldn't climax for another hour. After I finally did, I was so aggravated that I couldn't fall asleep and my wife was jabbering away for another hour!"
A man decides to have a face-lift for his birthday. He spends $5,000 and feels really good about the results. On his way home, he stops at a newsstand and buys a paper. Before leaving, he says to the sales clerk, "I hope you don't mind me asking, but how old do you think I am?" "About 35," was the reply. "I'm actually 47," the man says, feeling really happy. After that, he goes into McDonalds for lunch and asks the clerk the same question. The reply is, "Oh, you look about 29". "I'm really 47!", he says, feeling better than ever. Later, while standing at a bus stop, he asks an old woman the same question. She replies, "I am 85 years old, and my eyesight is going. But when I was young, there was a sure way of telling a man's age. If I put my hand down your pants and play with your balls for 10 minutes, I will be able to tell you your exact age." As there was no one around, the man thinks, What the hell and lets her slip her hand down his pants. Ten minutes later, the old lady says, "Okay, it's done. You are 47." Stunned, the man says, "That was brilliant. How did you do that?" The old lady replies, "I was standing behind you at McDonalds." Edit: Fixed a bit
It's late fall and the Indians on a remote reservation in South Dakota asked their new chief if the coming winter was going to be cold or mild. Since he was a chief in a modern society, he had never been taught the old secrets. When he looked at the sky, he couldn't tell what the winter was going to be like. Nevertheless, to be on the safe side, he told his tribe that the winter was indeed going to be cold and that the members of the village should collect firewood to be prepared. But, being a practical leader, after several days, he got an idea. He went to the phone booth, called the National Weather Service and asked, 'Is the coming winter going to be cold?' 'It looks like this winter is going to be quite cold,' the meteorologist at the weather service responded. So the chief went back to his people and told them to collect even more firewood in order to be prepared. A week later, he called the National Weather Service again. 'Does it still look like it is going to be a very cold winter?' 'Yes,' the man at National Weather Service again replied, 'it's going to be a very cold winter.' The chief again went back to his people and ordered them to collect every scrap of firewood they could find. Two weeks later, the chief called the National Weather Service again. 'Are you absolutely sure that the winter is going to be very cold?' 'Absolutely,' the man replied. 'It's looking more and more like it is going to be one of the coldest winters we've ever seen.' 'How can you be so sure?' the chief asked. The weatherman replied,'The Indians are collecting a shitload of firewood'
.....the audience was different each week so the magician did the same tricks over and over again. There was only one problem: The captain's parrot saw the shows each week and began to understand how the Magician did every trick. Once he understood, he started shouting in the middle of the show, "Look, It’s not the same hat!" or, "Look, he's hiding the flowers under the table!" Or "Hey, why are all the cards the ace of spades?" The magician was furious but couldn't do anything. It was, after all, the Captain's' parrot. Then one stormy night on the Pacific, the ship unfortunately sank, drowning almost all who were on board. The magician luckily found himself on a piece of wood floating in the middle of the sea, as fate would have it ... With the parrot... They stared at each other with hatred, but did not utter a word. This went on for a day... And then 2 days. And then 3 days. Finally on the 4th day, the parrot could not hold back any longer and said....."Alright, good one but i can't take it any longer, what did you do with the ship???"
Two sisters, one blonde and one brunette, inherit the family ranch. Unfortunately, after just a few years, they are in financial trouble. In order to keep the bank from repossessing the ranch, they need to purchase a bull from the stockyard in a far town so that they can breed their own stock. They only have $600 left. Upon leaving, the brunette tells her sister, 'When I get there, if I decide to buy the bull, I'll contact you to drive out after me and haul it home.' The brunette arrives at the stockyard, inspects the bull, and decides she wants to buy it. The man tells her that he will sell it for $599, no less. After paying him, she drives to the nearest town to send her sister a telegram to tell her the news. She walks into the telegraph office and says, 'I want to send a telegram to my sister telling her that I've bought a bull for our ranch. I need her to hitch the trailer to our pickup truck and drive out here so we can haul it home.' The telegraph operator explains that he'll be glad to help her, then adds, 'It's just 99 cents a word.' Well, after paying for the bull, the brunette only has $1 left. She realizes that she'll only be able to send her sister one word. After a few minutes of thinking, she nods and says, 'I want you to send her the word 'comfortable.' The operator shakes his head. 'How is she ever going to know that you want her to hitch the trailer to your pickup truck and drive out here to haul that bull back to your ranch if you send her just the word 'comfortable?' The brunette explains, 'My sister's blonde. The word's big. She'll read it very slowly ... com-for-da-bull.'
Paddy had been drinking at his local Dublin pub all day and most of the night celebrating St Patrick's Day. Mick, the bartender says, 'You'll not be drinking anymore tonight, Paddy'. Paddy replies, 'OK Mick, I'll be on my way then'. Paddy spins around on his stool and steps off. He falls flat on his face. 'Damn' he says and pulls himself up by the stool and dusts himself off. He takes a step towards the door and falls flat on his face, 'Damn, 'Damn !' He looks to the doorway and thinks to himself that if he can just get to the door and some fresh air he'll be fine. He belly crawls to the door and shimmies up to the door frame. He sticks his head outside and takes a deep breath of fresh air, feels much better and takes a step out onto the sidewalk and falls flat on his face. 'By'Jeebers.... I'm a little crocked,' he says. He can see his house just a few doors down, and crawls to the door, hauls himself up the door frame, opens the door and shimmies inside. He takes a look up the stairs and says 'No damn' way'. He crawls up the stairs to his bedroom door and says 'I can make it to the bed'. He takes a step into the room and falls flat on his face He says ' Damn it ' and falls into bed. The next morning, his wife, Jess, comes into the room carrying a cup of coffee and says, 'Get up Paddy. Did you have a bit to drink last night ?' Paddy says, 'I did, Jess. I was really crocked But how'd you know?' 'Mick phoned . . . you left your wheelchair at the pub.'
A man from Liverpool, England was touring the USA on holiday and stopped in a remote bar in the hills of Nevada. He was chatting to the bartender when he spied an old Native American man sitting in the corner. He had tribal gear on, long white plaits, wrinkled face. "Who's he?" asked the Liverpudlian. "That's the Memory Man." said the bartender. "He knows everything, remembers everything. He can remember every face he's ever seen. He can remember any fact he hears or reads. Go and try him out." So the Liverpudlian goes over, and thinking he won't know about English football, asks "Who won the 1965 FA Cup Final?". "Liverpool" replies the Memory Man. "Who did they beat?" "Leeds" was the instant reply. "And the score?" "2-1." "Who scored the winning goal?" "Ian St. John" said the old man, without a hint of hesitation. The Liverpudlian was knocked out by this and told everyone back home about the Memory Man when he got back. A few years later he went back to the USA and tried to find the impressive Memory Man. Eventually he found the bar and sitting in the same seat was the old Native American, only this time he was older and even more wrinkled. The Liverpudlian approached him with the greeting "How". The Memory man looked up and said, "Diving header in the six yard box".
An elderly couple stands at the counter at the local burger joint. The man orders a deluxe burger, large fries, and a cup of decaf. The counter clerk turns to the woman and asks her what she would like. “Oh, nothing for me, deary. My husband and I share everything.'” The clerk hits a key on the register and tells the couple that the cost of the meal is $4.98. The old man reaches into his pockets and pulls out a handful of coins. Slowly and carefully, without a penny to spare, he counts out the exact amount and hands it to the cashier. A young man standing behind the couple watches this. As the clerk assembles the couple’s order, he leans forward and says, “I’d be honored to buy you another burger and fries.” The old man turns to the young man and says, “Thank you, but my wife and I share everything.” The old man carries the tray of food to a table and they sit. Carefully, he cuts the burger in half, divides the fries into two equal portions, and passes half of the food to the woman. He sets the decaf in the center of the table so they can both reach it. Then he begins to eat. A few minutes later, the young man sits down at the table next to them. As he gobbles down his food, he notices that, while the elderly man eats, the woman is quietly sipping decaf. When he looks at her food, he sees that she hasn’t eaten a single bite. Again, he leans toward the couple and says, “I really would be honored to buy you another meal.'” The old man says, “No, thank you. We share everything,” and calmly resumes eating. “I just hate to see you go hungry,” the young man laments to the woman. “Oh, I’m not going hungry,” the old woman says. “I’m waiting for the teeth.”
Father Norton woke up Sunday morning and realizing it was an exceptionally beautiful and sunny early spring day, decided he just had to play golf. So... he told the Associate Pastor that he was feeling sick and persuaded him to say Mass for him that day. As soon as the Associate Pastor left the room, Father Norton headed out of town to a golf course about forty miles away. This way he knew he wouldn't accidentally meet anyone he knew from his parish. Setting up on the first tee, he was alone. After all, it was Sunday morning and everyone else was in church! At about this time, Saint Peter leaned over to the Lord while looking down from the heavens and exclaimed "You're not going to let him get away with this, are you?" The Lord sighed, and said, "No, I guess not." Just then Father Norton hit the ball and it shot straight towards the pin, dropping just short of it, rolled up and fell into the hole. IT WAS A 420 YARD HOLE IN ONE! St. Peter was astonished. He looked at the Lord and asked, "Why did you let him do that?" The Lord smiled and replied, "Who's he going to tell?"
and the auditor is not surprised when he arrives with his lawyer. As the men sit down the lawyer says, "Look, the reason my client is in this situation is because he is a terrible gambler." "I am not a terrible gambler," the man replies. "I will make a bet right now. I bet you $1,000 that I can bite my own eye." he says to the auditor. "You can't bite your own eye," the auditor replies. "I'll take your bet." The man reaches up, removes his glass eye and bites it. The auditor is in shock, he just bet this man $1,000 in front of a lawyer. The man however is generous. "Ok, that wasn't really fair. You didn't know that I had a glass eye. So, for double or nothing I bet you I can bite my other eye." The auditor is skeptical, but after careful examination determines that there is no way he has two glass eyes. "Fine, double or nothing, you cannot bite your other eye." The man reaches into his mouth and pulls out his false teeth and carefully makes them bite down on his other eye. The auditor is completely taken aback. How could he possibly be so dumb as to take that bet. "Ok," the man says again. "You didn't know I had dentures, so I will give you one last chance. Double or nothing, I bet you I can stand on this side of your desk and piss over your desk and into that wastebasket without getting a single drop on your desk." The auditor backs up and looks at the distance. There is no way the man could physically maintain a stream that could reach that distance. It had to be impossible. "I have no choice," the auditor says. "I'll take the bet." The man stands up, walks to the side of the desk and proceeds to piss all over the auditors desk, not a single drop reaching the wastebasket. The auditor leaps from his seat and cheers his victory. The lawyer however, has his face in his hands, audibly groaning. "Wait," the auditor says. "Why are you so upset?" "Before we came in, he bet me $20,000 he could walk in here, piss all over your desk and you would be happy about it." edit: Spelling
A man goes to buy a motorbike before meeting his girlfriend's parents for the first time. He finds an amazing looking model and asks the dealer what the price is. The dealer replies 'It's only $1000, but there's a catch. It's not waterproof. When it rains, you have to rub vaseline over it or it will rust quickly." The man accepts this and buys the motorbike. He picks his girlfriend up that night on his new bike and they head to her parents' house. As they approach, his girlfriend says to him "Listen, my parents are a bit weird. This might sound funny, but we have a rule that there's no speaking at the dinner table. If you speak, you have to wash the dishes." He's a bit surprised, but replies that this is no problem, and he'd be glad to do the dishes. She adds "The only problem is, no-one has spoken at the dinner table for about 5 years. There is a MASSIVE pile of dishes in the kitchen." The man is even more taken aback, but says 'that's fine, I'll just keep my mouth shut". They pull up outside the house and head inside, sit down and start eating. Minutes pass, and the man starts to grow annoyed at this silly household custom. He wonders how to annoy his girlfriend's parents, and eventually leans across and starts kissing his girlfriend. She's a bit surprised, but responds, and her parents look annoyed but can't say anything. Encouraged by this, he pulls his girlfriend onto the dinner table and has his way with her. Eventually they finish, he puts her back into her seat, and looks at her parents. They're looking mighty pissed off but they don't say a single word. He thinks 'well, the mother's not bad looking...', pulls her onto the dinner table, and has his way with her too. She doesn't complain, the daughter is in a state of blissful exhaustion, the father looks extremely pissed, but he is allowed to finish and puts her back into her seat. Just then it starts to rain. As he hears the drops, he remembers about his motorbike, stands up and takes a tube of vaseline out of his pocket. The father immediately stands up and yells 'Okay, okay, I'll do the fucking dishes, just don't touch me!'
A man goes out drinking one night and gets blackout drunk. He wakes up the next morning to find that he has lost his credit card. He needs to get it back but he got so drunk he doesn't remember which bar he ended up at. The only thing he remembers is that the bar had a golden toilet. He walks into down and goes into one bar and asked the bartender, "Excuse me, this is a weird question, but do you happen to have a golden toilet here?" "A golden toilet? I don't think so," the bartender said, giving him a strange look. The man walked into another bar,"Excuse me, you don't happen to have a golden toilet here, do you?" said the man. "A golden toilet, huh? Don't be ridiculous." This continues all day until finally the man walks into a bar all the way on the other side of town. He asks the bartender: "Excuse me, I know this is going to sound strange, but do you have a golden toilet here? I got really drunk last night and left my credit card at a bar with a golden toilet." The bartender smiles, turns around and yells, "Hey Bill, I think we found the guy who took a shit in your tuba!"
So this guy is taking his girlfriend to the high school prom. And he's got a lot of work to do. First he has to rent a tux, so he goes to the tuxedo store. But there's a huge tuxedo line at the store. Finally he gets out of there and realizes he has to go buy a corsage, so he goes to a florist. But there's this big long corsage line at the florist. Finally he gets the corsage and has his tux and he's gotta go rent a limo. But there's this huge line when he gets to the limo place. Finally after waiting and making all the arrangements, it's the night of the prom. He picks her up and takes her down there to get in, but there's this huge ticket line at the door. Finally they get in and they start dancing and having fun, and she says to him, "I'm hungry," so he goes to get her some food, but there's this huge buffet line. He gets her some food and they eat and they're dancing again and she says, "Now I'm thirsty, can you get me a drink?" So he goes to get her a drink and there's no punchline.
As a Jew I have a soft spot for jokes about my own people, and this is one of my favorites that isn't so well known. A Jewish man walks into a whorehouse. The madame asks him what he'd like. He asks if any of the women there can have sex "the Jewish way". Puzzled, she goes to each of the unoccupied rooms, and asks the woman inside if she's familiar with having sex the Jewish way. Finally, they get to the last room. Inside is a prostitute who's extremely talented, and is one of the most expensive in the area. She asks, "do you know how to have sex the Jewish way? This man's looking for a woman who does". She responds, "no, I haven't. But to stay at the top of my profession, I'm always looking to improve. If you teach me how to have sex the Jewish way, we'll do that free of charge". The man accepts the offer, and they have sex. She's surprised to find that it's just regular sex! Afterwards, she asks "What were you talking about, 'the Jewish way'? You just had sex with me, the most expensive hooker in town, for free?!" He smiles and replies, "that's the Jewish way!".
One day Bill complained to his friend, "My elbow really hurts, I guess I should see a doctor." His friend said, "Don't do that. There's a computer at the drug store that can diagnose anything quicker and cheaper than a doctor. Just put in a sample of your urine and the computer will diagnose your problem and tell you what you can do about it. It only costs ten dollars." Bill figured he had nothing to lose, so he filled a jar with a urine sample and went to the drug store. Finding the computer, he poured in the sample and deposited the $10. The computer started making some noise and various lights started flashing. After a brief pause out popped a small slip of paper on which was printed: You have tennis elbow. Soak your arm in warm water. Avoid heavy lifting. It will be better in two weeks. Late that evening while thinking how amazing this new technology was and how it would change medical science forever, he began to wonder if this machine could be fooled. He decided to give it a try. He mixed together some tap water, a stool sample from his dog, and urine samples from his wife and daughter. To top it off, he masturbated into the concoction. He went back to the drug store, located the machine, poured in the sample, and deposited the $10. The computer made the usual noise and printed out the following message: Your tap water is too hard. Get a water softener. Your dog has worms. Get him vitamins. Your daughter is using cocaine. Put her in a rehabilitation clinic. Your wife is pregnant with twin girls. They aren't yours. Get a lawyer. And if you don't stop jerking off, your tennis elbow will never get better
Once upon a time lived a beautiful Queen with large breasts. Nick the Dragon Slayer obsessed over the Queen for this reason. He knew that the penalty for his desire would be death should he try to touch them, but he had to try. One day Nick revealed his secret desire to his colleague, Horatio the Physician, the King's chief doctor. Horatio thought about this and said that he could arrange for Nick to more than satisfy his desire, but it would cost him 1 000 gold coins to arrange it. Without pause Nick readily agreed to the scheme. The next day, Horatio made a batch of itching powder and poured a little bit into the Queen's bra while she bathed. Soon after she dressed, the itching commenced and grew intense. Upon being summoned to the Royal Chambers to address this incident, Horatio informed the King and Queen that only a special saliva, if applied for four hours, would cure this type of itch, and that tests had shown that only the saliva of Nick would work as the antidote to cure the itch. The King, eager to help his Queen, quickly summoned Nick to their chambers. Horatio then slipped Nick the antidote for the itching powder, which he put into his mouth, and for the next four hours, Nick worked passionately on the Queen's large and magnificent breasts. The Queen's itching was eventually relieved, and Nick left satisfied and hailed as a hero. Upon returning to his chamber, Nick found Horatio demanding his payment of 1000 gold coins. With his obsession now satisfied, Nick couldn't have cared less knowing that Horatio could never report this matter to the King and with a laugh told him to get Lost. The next day, Horatio slipped a massive dose of the same itching powder into the kings underwear. The king immediately summoned Nick.
... when he stumbles upon a giraffe rolling a joint. The rabbit looks at the giraffe and says, "Giraffe my friend, why do you do this? Come. Run with me through the forest! You''ll feel so much better!" The giraffe looks at him, looks at the joint, tosses it and goes off running with the rabbit. Then they come across an elephant doing coke. So the rabbit again says, "Elephant my friend, why do you do this? Think about your health. Come. Run with us through the pretty forest, you''ll see, you''ll feel so good!" The elephant looks at them, looks at his razor, mirror and coke, then tosses them and starts running with the rabbit and giraffe. The three animals then come across a lion, heating some smack on a spoon, about to shoot up. "Lion my friend, why do you do this? Think about your health! Come. Run with us through the beautiful forest and you''ll feel so good!" The lion looks at him, puts down his needle, and mauls the rabbit. The giraffe and elephant watch in horror and look at him and ask, "Lion, why did you do this? He was merely trying to help you." The lion answers, "That little bastard! He makes me run around the forest like a fucking idiot every time he's on ecstasy!"
When Albert Einstein was making the rounds of the speaker's circuit, he usually found himself eagerly longing to get back to his laboratory work. One night as they were driving to yet another rubber-chicken dinner, Einstein mentioned to his chauffeur (a man who somewhat resembled Einstein in looks & manner) that he was tired of speechmaking. "I have an idea, boss," his chauffeur said. "I've heard you give this speech so many times. I'll bet I could give it for you." Einstein laughed loudly and said, "Why not? Let's do it!" When they arrive at the dinner, Einstein donned the chauffeur's cap and jacket and sat in the back of the room. The chauffeur gave a beautiful rendition of Einstein's speech and even answered a few questions expertly. Then a supremely pompous professor asked an extremely esoteric question about anti-matter formation, digressing here and there to let everyone in the audience know that he was nobody's fool. Without missing a beat, the chauffeur fixed the professor with a steely stare and said, "Sir, the answer to that question is so simple that I will let my chauffeur, who is sitting in the back, answer it for me." edit=correct word(s)
and the joke in braille . :.::..:.' .; '' .;' '; '';: :::. . ;' '' . :: ;. ;;;::'; . . ;.. .. ;:::. ';... ;; .::' .:;:;.::';' ...:'''; ;.::: :::.::'::.: ':.;;. .. ;:;:';::. :;:.': ..::'::., :.;";.;' ;' ..::::.:.:::' ::';. :.''::. ::. . ;';:;:';::. : ..:'''; ;.:... ;; .::' .:;:;.::';' ...:'''; ;.::: :::.::'::.: ':.;;. .. ;:;:';::. :;:.': ..::'::., :.;";.;' ;' ..:::;::. : ..:'''; ;.:... ;; .::' .:;:;.::';' ...:'''; ;.::: :::.::'::.: ':.;;. .. ;:;:';::. :;:.': ..::':: ;; .::' .:;:;.::';' ...:'''; ;.::: :::.::'::.: ':.;;. .. ;:;:';::. :;:.': ..::'::., :.;";.;' ;' ..:::;:: ''::. ::. . ;';:;:';::. : ..:'''; ;.:... ;; .::' .:;:;.::';' ...:'''; ;.::: :::.::'::.: ':.;;. .. ;:;:';::. :;:.': ..::'::., :.;";.;' ;' ..:::;::. : ..:'''; ;.:... ;; .::' .:;:;.::';' ...:'''; ; .::'::.: ':.;;. .. ;:;:';::. :;:.': ..::'::., :.;";.;' ;' ..::::.:.:::' ::';. :.''::. ::. . ;';:;:';::. : ..:'''; ;.:... ;; .::' .:;:;.::';' ...:'''; ;.::: :::.::'::.: ':.;;. .. ;:;:';::: :::.::'::.: ':.;;. .. ;:;:';::. :;:.': ..::':: ;; .::' .:;:;.::';' ...:'''; ;.::: ::
There was an Arab oil Sheikh that was in a coma and needed a blood transfusion to survive. Being AB+ it was hard for him to get a donor with the same rare blood type. Finally they found an old Jewish farmer that was listed as a blood donor with the same blood type. However he was very reluctant to give his blood to save an Arab guy. Finally after lots of discussions and pestering by doctors he agreed to donate only enough blood to help make sure the Arab guy was stabilized. After the blood transfusion and when the Arab guy is healthier, he sends the Jewish farmer a brand new John Deere tractor and a Cartier watch and $100000 as a token of appreciation. After a year, the Arab is requires another transfusion. The old Jewish farmer is contacted and this time is willing to give more blood. After the transfusion the Arab send the Jewish guy a box of chocolates and a bouquet of flowers. When the Jewish guy gets this he is furious as he is expecting much more since he gave more of his rare blood type. He contacts the Arab sheikh and asks him why he only gave him such a paltry gift? The Arab says, ya Akhie (brother) I have Jewish blood in me now….
A man walks into a restaurant with a full-grown ostrich behind him. The waitress asks them for their orders. The man says, "A hamburger, fries and a coke," and turns to the ostrich, "What's yours?" "I'll have the same," says the ostrich. A short time later the waitress returns with the order. "That will be $9.40 please." The man reaches into his pocket and pulls out the exact change for payment. The next day, the man and the ostrich come again and the man says, "A hamburger, fries and a coke." The ostrich says, "I'll have the same." Again the man reaches into his pocket and pays with exact change. This becomes routine until the two enter again. "The usual?" asks the waitress. "No, this is Friday night, so I will have a steak, baked potato and a salad," says the man. "Same," says the ostrich. Shortly the waitress brings the order and says, "That will be $32.62." Once again the man pulls the exact change out of his pocket and places it on the table. The waitress cannot hold back her curiosity any longer. "Excuse me, sir. How do you manage to always come up with the exact change in your pocket every time?" "Well," says the man, "several years ago I was cleaning the attic and found an old lamp. When I rubbed it, a Genie appeared and offered me two wishes. My first wish was that if I ever had to pay for anything, I would just put my hand in my pocket and the right amount of money would always be there." "That's brilliant!" says the waitress. "Most people would ask for a million dollars or something, but you'll always be as rich as you want for as long as you live!" "That's right. Whether it's a gallon of milk or a Rolls Royce, the exact money is always there," says the man. The waitress asks, "What's with the ostrich?" The man sighs, pauses and answers, "My second wish was for a tall chick with a big ass and long legs who agrees with everything I say.."
On a beautiful Sunday afternoon in the midst of the French Revolution the revolting citizens led a priest, a drunkard and an engineer to the guillotine. They ask the priest if he wants to face up or down when he meets his fate. The priest says he would like to face up so he will be looking towards heaven when he dies. They raise the blade of the guillotine and release it. It comes speeding down and suddenly stops just inches from his neck. The authorities take this as divine intervention and release the priest. The drunkard comes to the guillotine next. He also decides to die face up, hoping that he will be as fortunate as the priest. They raise the blade of the guillotine and release it. It comes speeding down and suddenly stops just inches from his neck. Again, the authorities take this as a sign of divine intervention, and they release the drunkard as well. Next is the engineer. He, too, decides to die facing up. As they slowly raise the blade of the guillotine, the engineer suddenly says, "Hey, I see what your problem is ..."
Sitting on the side of the highway waiting to catch speeding drivers, a State Police Officer sees a car puttering along at 22 MPH. He thinks to himself, this driver is just as dangerous as a speeder!" So he turns on his lights and pulls the driver over. Approaching the car, he notices that there are five old ladies -- two in the front seat and three in the back -- wide eyed and white as ghosts. The driver, obviously confused, says to him, "Officer, I don't understand, I was doing exactly the speed limit! What seems to be the problem?" "Ma'am," the officer replies, "you weren't speeding, but you should know that driving slower than the speed limit can also be a danger to other drivers." "Slower than the speed limit? No sir, I was doing the speed limit exactly... Twenty-two miles an hour! "The old woman says a bit proudly. The State Police officer, trying to contain a chuckle explains to her that 22" was the route number, not the speed limit. A bit embarrassed, the woman grinned and thanked the officer for pointing out her error. But before I let you go, Ma'am, I have to ask... Is everyone in this car OK? These women seem awfully shaken and they haven't muttered a single peep this whole time," the officer asks. "Oh, they'll be all right in a minute officer. We just got off Route 119."
In a crowded city at a crowded bus stop, a beautiful young woman was waiting for the bus. She was decked out in a tight leather mini skirt with matching tight leather boots and jacket. As the bus rolled up and it became her turn to get on, she became aware that her skirt was too tight to allow her leg to come up to the height of the first step on the bus. Slightly embarrassed and with a quick smile to the bus driver she reached behind her and unzipped her skirt a little thinking that this would give her enough slack to raise her leg. Again she tried to make the step onto the bus only to discover she still couldn't! So, a little more embarrassed she once again reached behind her and unzipped her skirt a little more and for a second time attempted the step and once again, still she could not raise her leg because of the tight skirt. So, with a coy little smile to the driver she again unzipped the offending skirt to give a little more slack and again was unable to make the step. About this time the big Texan that was behind her in the line picked her up easily from the waist and placed her lightly on the step of the bus. Well, she went ballistic and turned on the would-be hero screeching at him "How dare you touch my body!! I don't even know who you are!" At this the Texan drawled "Well ma'am normally I would agree with you, but after you unzipped my fly three times, I kinda figured that we was friends."
There was a competition going on in Spain to see who the worlds greatest swordsman was. The final three competitors had been chosen and were brought on stage in front of the anticipating crowd to showcase their talent. The first swordsman stepped forward causing the crowd to hush. One of the judges proceeded to release a small black fly and let it buzz around the stage. With the flick of his wrist and faster than you can blink the fly hit the ground in two pieces. The audience bursts into applause as the swordsman steps back. Next is the second swordsmans turn and he faces the same challenge. The fly is is released and in two swift motions he cuts the fly into four pieces. The audience is even more impressed and gives the man a standing ovation. Finally the third swordsman takes the spotlight and another fly is released onto the stage. The swordsman takes one quick swish at the fly but it continues to fly around the stage. The audience is dumbstruck. Finally someone from the audience speaks up: "sir... The fly is still alive." "Ah, si" replies the swordsman "but he will never be a father"
So a man walks into a brothel. He's a little down on his luck and only has $5. He asks the woman at the front desk, "So what can I get with this?" and hands her the $5. She takes the money and says, "Second door on the left." The man goes to the room and sees a chicken on the bed. He's confused and searches the room for a woman. He fails to do so and looks at the chicken. "Well, I guess it's better than nothing." He proceeds to have sex with the chicken. Turns out it was the best he's ever had. A week later he comes back with $1. "So, uhh, what can I get for this?" The woman at the front desk says, "First room on the left." He walks into the room and sees a bunch of guys crowded around a hole in the wall. He gets a chance to peek through and sees two sexy lesbians getting it on. "Man, they're really going at it," he says, "This is pretty crazy." One guy from the crowd says, "Oh that's nothing. You should have been here last week, there was a dude fucking a chicken." Edit: Prevented a time paradox or two
An Afghan, an Albanian, an Algerian, an American, an Andorran, an Angolan, an Antiguans, an Argentine, an Armenian, an Australian, an Austrian, an Azerbaijani, a Bahamian, a Bahraini, a Bangladeshi, a Barbadian, a Barbudans, a Batswanan, a Belarusian, a Belgian, a Belizean, a Beninese, a Bhutanese, a Bolivian, a Bosnian, a Brazilian, a Brit, a Bruneian, a Bulgarian, a Burkinabe, a Burmese, a Burundian, a Cambodian, a Cameroonian, a Canadian, a Cape Verdean, a Central African, a Chadian, a Chilean, a Chinese, a Colombian, a Comoran, a Congolese, a Costa Rican, a Croatian, a Cuban, a Cypriot, a Czech, a Dane, a Djibouti, a Dominican, a Dutchman, an East Timorese, an Ecuadorean, an Egyptian, an Emirian, an Equatorial Guinean, an Eritrean, an Estonian, an Ethiopian, a Fijian, a Filipino, a Finn, a Frenchman, a Gabonese, a Gambian, a Georgian, a German, a Ghanaian, a Greek, a Grenadian, a Guatemalan, a Guinea-Bissauan, a Guinean, a Guyanese, a Haitian, a Herzegovinian, a Honduran, a Hungarian, an I-Kiribati, an Icelander, an Indian, an Indonesian, an Iranian, an Iraqi, an Irishman, an Israeli, an Italian, an Ivorian, a Jamaican, a Jap, a Jordanian, a Kazakhstani, a Kenyan, a Kittian and Nevisian, a Kuwaiti, a Kyrgyz, a Laotian, a Latvian, a Lebanese, a Liberian, a Libyan, a Liechtensteiner, a Lithuanian, a Luxembourger, a Macedonian, a Malagasy, a Malawian, a Malaysian, a Maldivan, a Malian, a Maltese, a Marshallese, a Mauritanian, a Mauritian, a Mexican, a Micronesian, a Moldovan, a Monacan, a Mongolian, a Moroccan, a Mosotho, a Motswana, a Mozambican, a Namibian, a Nauruan, a Nepalese, a New Zealander, a Nicaraguan, a Nigerian, a Nigerien, a North Korean, a Northern Irishman, a Norwegian, an Omani, a Pakistani, a Palauan, a Palestinian, a Panamanian, a Papua New Guinean, a Paraguayan, a Peruvian, a Pole, a Portuguese, a Qatari, a Romanian, a Russian, a Rwandan, a Saint Lucian, a Salvadoran, a Samoan, a San Marinese, a Sao Tomean, a Saudi, a Scottish, a Senegalese, a Serbian, a Seychellois, a Sierra Leonean, a Singaporean, a Slovakian, a Slovenian, a Solomon Islander, a Somali, a South African, a South Korean, a Spaniard, a Sri Lankan, a Sudanese, a Surinamer, a Swazi, a Swede, a Swiss, a Syrian, a Taiwanese, a Tajik, a Tanzanian, a Togolese, a Tongan, a Trinidadian or Tobagonian, a Tunisian, a Turkish, a Tuvaluan, a Ugandan, a Ukrainian, a Uruguayan, a Uzbekistani, a Venezuelan, a Vietnamese, a Welshman, a Yemenite, a Zambian and a Zimbabwean all go to a nightclub. The doorman stops them and says, 'Sorry, I can't let you in without a Thai.'
A professor gives his physiology class a spot quiz. One question he asks is, "What part of the human anatomy expands to ten times its normal size during periods of intense emotion and excitement?" He picks a rather overdressed girl in the front row to answer it. "Miss Callahan!" The indicated girl, who heard the question, stammers with some embarrassment: "Professor, I'd rather not answer that question." The professor says, "That's all right, Miss Callahan, you don't need to answer it. Is there anyone present who can answer it?" He notes an interested face in the back of the classroom. "Mr. Hawkins!" Hawkins says, "Yes, Professor, it is the pupil of the eye that expands to ten times its normal size during periods of emotion and excitement." The professor says, "That is correct, Mr. Hawkins." Then he turns to Miss Callahan. He says, "Young lady, two things are obvious from your reaction to this question. One, you haven't studied this week's assignment; and Two, I'm afraid marriage is going to be a tremendous disappointment to you.
An Irish daughter had not been home for over 5 years. Upon her return, her father cursed her heavily. "Where have ye been all this time, child? Why did ye not write to us, not even a line? Why didn't ye call? Can ye not understand what ye put yer old Mother through?"" The girl, crying, replied, 'Sniff, sniff... Dad...I became...a prostitute." "Ye what!!? Get outta here, ye shameless harlot! Sinner! You're a disgrace to this Catholic family." "OK, Dad, as ye wish. I just came back to give Mum this luxurious fur coat, title deed to a ten bedroom mansion plus a $2 million savings certificate. For me little brother, this gold Rolex, And for ye, Daddy, the sparkling new Mercedes Limited Edition convertible that's parked outside, plus a membership to the country club... (takes a breath)... and an invitation for ye all to spend New Year's Eve on board my new yacht in the Riviera." "Now what was it ye said ye had become?" asks Dad. The girl, crying again answered, "Sniff, sniff...a prostitute, Daddy! Sniff, sniff." "Ye scared me half to death, girl! I thought ye said a Protestant. Come here and give yer old Dad a hug!!!"
A guy calls a company and orders their 5-day, 10 lb. weight loss program. The next day, there's a knock on the door and there stands before him a voluptuous, athletic, 19 year old babe dressed in nothing but a pair of Nike running shoes and a sign around her neck. She introduces herself as a representative of the weight loss company. The sign reads, "If you can catch me, you can have me." Without a second thought, he takes off after her. A few miles later huffing and puffing, he finally gives up. The same girl shows up for the next four days and the same thing happens. On the fifth day, he weighs himself and is delighted to find he has lost 10 lbs. as promised. He calls the company and orders their 5-day/20 pound program. The next day there's a knock at the door and there stands the most stunning, beautiful, sexy woman he has ever seen in his life. She is wearing nothing but Reebok running shoes and a sign around her neck that reads, "If you catch me you can have me". Well, he's out the door after her like a shot. This girl is in excellent shape and he does his best, but no such luck. So for the next four days, the same routine happens with him gradually getting in better and better shape. Much to his delight on the fifth day when he weighs himself, he discovers that he has lost another 20 lbs. as promised. He decides to go for broke and calls the company to order the 7-day/50 pound program "Are you sure?" asks the representative on the phone. "This is our most rigorous program." "Absolutely," he replies, "I haven't felt this good in years." The next day there's a knock at the door; and when he opens it he finds a huge muscular guy standing there wearing nothing but pink running shoes and a sign around his neck that reads, "If I catch you, your ass is mine." He lost 63 pounds that week
and the joke in braille . :.::..:.' .; '' .;' '; '';: :::. . ;' '' . :: ;. ;;;::'; . . ;.. .. ;:::. ';... ;; .::' .:;:;.::';' ...:'''; ;.::: :::.::'::.: ':.;;. .. ;:;:';::. :;:.': ..::'::., :.;";.;' ;' ..::::.:.:::' ::';. :.''::. ::. . ;';:;:';::. : ..:'''; ;.:... ;; .::' .:;:;.::';' ...:'''; ;.::: :::.::'::.: ':.;;. .. ;:;:';::. :;:.': ..::'::., :.;";.;' ;' ..:::;::. : ..:'''; ;.:... ;; .::' .:;:;.::';' ...:'''; ;.::: :::.::'::.: ':.;;. .. ;:;:';::. :;:.': ..::':: ;; .::' .:;:;.::';' ...:'''; ;.::: :::.::'::.: ':.;;. .. ;:;:';::. :;:.': ..::'::., :.;";.;' ;' ..:::;:: ''::. ::. . ;';:;:';::. : ..:'''; ;.:... ;; .::' .:;:;.::';' ...:'''; ;.::: :::.::'::.: ':.;;. .. ;:;:';::. :;:.': ..::'::., :.;";.;' ;' ..:::;::. : ..:'''; ;.:... ;; .::' .:;:;.::';' ...:'''; ; .::'::.: ':.;;. .. ;:;:';::. :;:.': ..::'::., :.;";.;' ;' ..::::.:.:::' ::';. :.''::. ::. . ;';:;:';::. : ..:'''; ;.:... ;; .::' .:;:;.::';' ...:'''; ;.::: :::.::'::.: ':.;;. .. ;:;:';::: :::.::'::.: ':.;;. .. ;:;:';::. :;:.': ..::':: ;; .::' .:;:;.::';' ...:'''; ;.::: ::
A DEA Agent stopped at a ranch in Texas and talked to an old rancher. He told the rancher, "I need to inspect your ranch for illegally grown drugs." The rancher said, "okay, but don't go into that field over there...", as he pointed out the location. The DEA Agent verbally exploded and said, "look mister, I have the authority of the federal government with me!" Reaching into his rear back pocket, the arrogant officer removed his badge and proudly displayed it to the rancher. "See this badge?! This badge means I can go wherever I want... On any land! No questions asked, no answers given! Do you understand old man?!"The rancher kindly nodded, apologized, and went about his chores. Moments later the rancher heard loud screams, he looked up and saw the DEA agent running for his life, being chased by the ranchers big Santa Gertrudis Bull...... With every step the bull was gaining ground on the officer, and it was likely that he'd sure enough get gored before he reached safety. The officer was clearly terrified. The old rancher threw down his tools, ran as fast as he could to the fence, and yelled at the top of his lungs......"YOUR BADGE! SHOW HIM YOUR BADGE!"
It's Saturday morning and John's just about to set off on a round of golf when he realizes that he forgot to tell his wife that the guy who fixes the washing machine is coming around at noon. So John heads back to the clubhouse and phones home. "Hello?" says a little girl's voice. "Hi, honey, it's Daddy," says John. "Is Mommy near the phone?" "No, Daddy. She's upstairs in the bedroom with Uncle Fred." After a brief pause, John says, "But you haven't got an Uncle Fred, honey!" "Yes, I do, and he's upstairs in the bedroom with Mommy!" "Okay, then. Here's what I want you do. Put down the phone, run upstairs and knock on the bedroom door and shout in to Mommy and Uncle Fred that my car's just pulled up outside the house." "Okay, Daddy!" A few minutes later, the little girl comes back to the phone. "Well, I did what you said, Daddy." "And what happened?" "Well, Mommy jumped out of bed and ran around screaming, then she tripped over the rug and went out the front window and now she's all dead." "Oh, my God! What about Uncle Fred?" "He jumped out of bed too, and he was all scared, and he jumped out the back window into the swimming pool. But he must have forgot that last week you took out all the water to clean it, so he hit the bottom of the swimming pool and now he's dead too." There is a long pause. "Swimming pool? Is this 555-3097?"
A blonde walks into a bank in New York City and asks for the loan officer. She says she's going to Europe on business for two weeks and needs to borrow $5,000. The bank officer says the bank will need some kind of security for the loan, so the blonde hands over the keys to a new Rolls Royce. The car is parked on the street in front of the bank, she has the title and everything checks out. The bank agrees to accept the car as collateral for the loan. The bank's president and its officers all enjoy a good laugh at the blonde for using a $250,000 Rolls as collateral against a $5,000 loan. An employee of the bank then drives the Rolls into the bank's underground garage and parks it there. Two weeks later, the blonde returns, repays the $5,000 and the interest, which comes to $15.41. The loan officer says, "Miss, we are very happy to have had your business, and this transaction has worked out very nicely, but we are a little puzzled. We checked you out and found that you are a multimillionaire. What puzzles us is, why would you bother to borrow $5,000?" The blonde replies..... "Where else in New York City can I park my car for two weeks for only $15.41 and expect it to be there when I return?"
Three men where driving on the road and their van broke down. Luckily they were next to a farm with a large fence behind it. They talked to the owner of the barn and he agrees to let them stay the night so their van could get fixed as long as they don't look over the fence. They were very curious at this point and wanted to look but they knew they needed a place to stay the night so they agree. That night their curiosity got the best of them and they had to look over the fence. So they went to the fence and looked over. There were several severed penises and they started freaking out. What made it worse was the farmer was right behind them. Fearing for their lives they beg for him to let them go. He agrees as long as they tell him what their fathers did for work. Thinking they successfully avoided death the first responded with, "My father is a lumberjack." The farmer then proceeded to get a chainsaw he cut of the first mans penis and threw it over the fence. The second responds with, "My father is a gardener of 16 years." The farmer pulled out a pair of hedge trimers cuts of the second mans penis and throws it over the fence. At this point the third man can't stop laughing. The farmer irritated asks him why he was laughing. The third man responds still laughing, "My father worked at a candy shop so you'll have you suck my cock off."
Three guys got into a car crash and all died. They all get up to heaven and meet St. Peter at the gates. St. Peter said "Okay everyone can come in, but whatever you do don't step on a duck." The gates open and there are ducks everywhere, all over the floor, on tabletops, everywhere. The first guy walks in and accidentally steps on a duck. St. Peter comes along and handcuffs him to the ugliest woman in all the world and says, "Now you must stay handcuffed for all eternity." The other two see this and do their best not avoid the ducks. The second guy goes months and months without stepping on any duck. Then one morning he wakes up and as he is getting out of bed he steps on two ducks. St. Peter comes over and handcuffs him to the most atrocious looking and smelling woman and says, "Now you must stay handcuffed to each other for all eternity." Now the third guy goes years and years and doesn't step on any ducks in all that time. Then one day St. Peter comes along and handcuffs him to the most beautiful woman he as ever seen. St. Peter says, "Now you must stay handcuffed to each other for all eternity." The guy happily says, "Oh my God, what have I done to deserve this?!" And the woman says, "I don't know what you did, but I stepped on a duck."
One day, in a peaceful forest, a fly buzzed over a stream. In the stream, a salmon was swimming, and it looked up and saw the fly. It thought to itself, "If that fly would drop down about a half an inch, I'd be able to jump up, catch it, and I'd have myself something to eat." Alongside the stream, a bear was standing. The bear looked at the fly, and thought to itself, "If that fly would drop down about a half an inch, that salmon would jump up to catch it, and I could jump out, snag that salmon, and I'd have myself something to eat." Across the stream, up a steep slope, a hunter was hidden in the brush. The hunter looked at the fly, and thought to himself, "If that fly would drop down about a half an inch, that salmon would jump up to catch it, the bear would jump up to catch the salmon, and I could jump up, shoot the bear, and I'd have myself a new trophy." Hidden in the grass behind the hunter was a mouse. The mouse looked at the fly, and thought to itself, "If that fly would drop down about a half an inch, the salmon would jump up to catch it, the bear would jump up to catch the salmon, the hunter would jump up to shoot the bear, the sandwich in the hunter's pocket would fall out, and I'd have myself something to eat." A bit higher up the slope, on a jutting rock, sat a pussy cat. The pussy cat looked down at the fly, and thought to itself, "If that fly would drop down about a half an inch, the salmon would jump up to catch it, the bear would jump up to catch the salmon, the hunter would jump up to shoot the bear, the sandwich in the hunter's pocket would fall out, the mouse would hop over to get the sandwich, I could leap down on it, and I'd have myself something to eat." At that moment, the fly dropped down about a half an inch. The salmon leapt up and caught the fly, the bear leapt out and snagged the salmon, the hunter jumped up and shot the bear, the mouse hopped out and started to eat the hunter's sandwich, and the pussy cat leapt down to catch the mouse...but it missed. It rolled down the slope, and fell into the stream. Moral of the Story: A lot of things have to happen to get a pussy wet. EDIT: Just want to say to everyone, thanks for all the comments and upvotes (and downvotes) too bad its a self post, thats the most upvotes i've ever gotten haha EDIT 2: WOW, front page, i can't believe it
...Were playing in a meadow. The horse fell into a mud hole and is started to sink. The horse instructed the chicken to get the farmer so that he could be pulled to safety. The chicken ran to the farm but the farmer was nowhere to be found.... Without a moment to spare,the chicken got into the farmer's BMW and drove back to the mud hole. Then, the chicken tied some rope around the bumper, threw the other end of the rope to her friend, the horse, and proceeded to pull the horse to safety. A few days later, the chicken and the horse were playing in the meadow again. This time around, the chicken fell into the mud hole. The chicken instructed the horse to get the farmer so that she could be pulled to safety. Replied the horse, "Here's the plan... I'll stand over the hole..." The horse stretched over the length of the hole and continued, "Now, just grab for my penis and pull yourself to safety." The chicken obliged reluctantly and pulled herself to safety. The moral of the story: If you're hung like a horse, you don't need a BMW to pick up chicks.
A businessman takes a vacation in Vegas. He has a horrible run of luck, and spends his life savings and maxes out his credit cards. All he has left is his airline ticket home. Getting into a taxi, he explains his plight to the cabbie. He offers to leave his drivers license or anything else until he can mail the fare to the taxi driver. "You ain't got ten bucks for the cab fare to the airport? Get out of my cab!" yelled the taxi driver. The man walks to the airport, flies home, and for the next year, he works very hard, and builds back his fortune. He goes back to Vegas, and this time he wins big. Feeling good about himself, he steps out of his hotel to leave for the airport. At the end of a long line of taxis, he sees the cab driver who refused to help him last year in his hour of need. He immediately figures out a way to get even with this guy. He gets into the first taxi and asks what the fare to the airport is. "Ten dollars." says the driver. He then asks how much for a blow job. "What? Get out of my cab." He proceeds down the line of taxis repeating the process and getting the same results. He finally gets into the cab with his old friend, and asks him how much to get to the airport. "Ten bucks," says the driver. "Good." he says to the driver. And as they cruise past all the other drivers in their cabs, he gives them all a smile and a thumbs up.
..... tells her Mom that she has missed her period for 2 months. Very worried, the mother goes to the drugstore and buys a pregnancy kit. The test result shows that the girl is pregnant. Shouting and crying, the mother says, "Who was the pig that did this to you? I want to know!" Without answering, the girl picks up the phone and makes a call. Half an hour later, a Mercedes stops in front of their house. A mature and distinguished man with gray hair and wearing a yarmulke steps out of the car and enters the house. He sits in the living room with the father, mother, and the girl and tells them, "Your daughter has informed me of the problem. I can't marry her because of my personal family situation but I'll take charge. I will pay all costs and provide for your daughter for the rest of her life. Additionally, if a girl is born, I will bequeath two retail furniture stores, a deli, a condo in Miami, and a $1,000,000 bank account. If a boy is born, my legacy will be a chain of jewelry stores and a $25,000,000 bank account. However, if there is a miscarriage, I'm not sure what to do. What do you suggest?" All silent at this point, the mother placed a hand firmly on the man's shoulder and told him, 'You'll fuck her again."
An Irish woman of advanced age visited her physician to ask his help in reviving her husband's libido. 'What about trying Viagra?' asks the doctor. 'Not a chance", she said. "He won't even take an aspirin". 'Not a problem", replied the doctor. "Give him an 'Irish Viagra'. It's when you drop the Viagra tablet into his coffee. He won't even taste it. Give it a try and call me in a week to let me know how things went." It wasn't a week later that she called the doctor, who directly inquired as to progress. The poor dear exclaimed, "Oh, faith, bejaysus and begorrah! T'was horrid! Just terrible, doctor!" "Really? What happened?" asked the doctor. 'Well, I did as you advised and slipped it into his coffee and the effect was almost immediate. He jumped straight up, with a twinkle in his eye, and with his pants a-bulging fiercely! With one swoop of his arm, he sent the cups and napkins flying, ripped me clothes to tatters and took me then and there, took me passionately on the tabletop! It was a nightmare, I tell you, an absolute nightmare!" Why so terrible?" asked the doctor, "Do you mean the sex your husband provided wasn't good"? 'Twas the best sex I've had in 25 years! But as sure as I'm sittin' here, I'll never be able to show me face in Starbucks again!"
The guy walks down, sees Betsy — she’s not the best looking, but she would do. He puts it in and it’s the worst feeling he’s ever had on his dick — like sandpaper and teeth. He pulls out and tells her. “Um. something’s wrong, can you do something about that?” Betsy crinkles her face, then says, “Why of course! But it will run you another five bucks.” She pockets the fiver and goes to the bathroom and is back in no time. The guy puts it back in and now, it’s the complete opposite: it’s the best feeling he’s ever had, and finishes in a flash. Panting, he asks her, “oh my god… that felt amazing… what did you do??” Betsy smiles, and says, “for the extra five bucks, I pick the scabs.” What did the leper say to the prostitute? Keep the tip! How many potatoes does it take to kill an Irishman? None. What does a Jew with an erection get when he walks into a wall? A broken nose. What’s a Jew’s biggest dilemma? Free ham. What do Jewish pedophiles say? “Hey kid, want to buy some candy?” What’s the worst thing about getting your keys locked in your car outside an abortion clinic? Having to go in to ask for a coat hanger. Three pregnant women are sitting in a doctors waiting room knitting. Mom 1 checks her watch and takes a pill “Vitamin C, good for mom, good for baby.” Mom 2 takes a pill and says, “Vitamin A, good for mom, good for baby.” Mom 3 takes a pill and says, “Thalidomide…I can’t knit sleeves.” I would tell a Casey Anthony joke, but my mom would kill me… What’s the difference between a Catholic priest and acne? Acne doesn’t come on a boys face until he’s 13. So I was balls deep in this guy thrusting as hard as I could when I reached around to give him a hand job. Guess what? That fucker had an erection. What. A. Queer. The worst part about being a pedophile is trying to fit in. A man walks past girl with no arms or legs sitting by a pool. The girl says to the man, “Excuse me sir, I’ve never been fucked and in my condition no one would want to fuck me. Will you please fuck me?” So the man kicks her into the pool and says, “There, you’re fucked.” A guy called into work and says, “Hey, boss! What’s the difference between work and your daughter?” … “I’m not coming into work this morning!” God gave women yeast infections so that they would know what it was like living with an irritating cunt for once. What’s worse than sucking a dozen raw oysters out of your grandmother’s pussy? Sucking out thirteen of them and realizing you only put in a dozen. What does a baby look like after a minute in the microwave? I don’t know, I close my eyes when I masturbate. A baby seal walked into a club… I was raping a woman the other night and she cried, “Please, think of my children!” Kinky bitch. Pedophiles are fucking immature assholes. Have you heard the joke about the baby with AIDS? It never gets old. What’s so good about an Ethiopian blow job? You just KNOW she’ll swallow. I lost my virginity to a retarded girl last night… I wanted my first time to be special. What does it taste like when you go down on an old lady? Depends… Why did the semen cross the road? I wore the wrong socks today. Little Johnny is staying at his grandmother’s house for the weekend with his parents. He walks into their room in the middle of the night and wakes his mother. His mother says “What is it Johnny?”. Little Johnny says “Grandma has a shrimpy”! His mother looks at him puzzled. “She has a WHAT?” Johnny says “A Shrimpy!” His mother has no idea what little Johnny is talking about. His mother says “Come show me what you’re talking about”. Little Johnny leads his mother downstairs where his 85 year old grandmother is lying sprawled out on the sofa in her night-gown. Her gown is wide open and so are her legs. She is sound asleep. Johnny says to his mother “Look mommy, Grandma has a shrimpy”. He points to her vagina. His mother laughs. “No, no, Johnny, that’s not a shrimpy. That’s her vagina”. Little Johnny looks up at his mother and says “Wow! Sure does taste like shrimpy”. What’s the difference between jam and jelly? I don’t jelly my cock down a bitches throat. What is the difference between a gay guy and a fridge? The fridge doesn’t fart when you pull meat out. How do you get a fat girl into bed? Piece of cake. How are children like cellphones? If you’ve lost one and haven’t found it in a couple days, chances are it’s probably dead. What’s the difference between Sara Palin’s mouth and her vagina? Retarded things only come out of her vagina SOME of the time.
He wanders around, seeing the sights, occasionally stopping at a quaint British pub to soak up the local culture, chat with the locals, and have a few pints of stout. After a while, he finds himself in a very nice neighborhood with big, stately residences...no pubs, no stores, no restaurants, and worst of all NO PUBLIC RESTROOMS. He really, really has to go, after all those drinks. He finds a narrow side street, with high walls surrounding the adjacent buildings and decides to use the wall to solve his problem. As he is unzipping, he is tapped on the shoulder by a London police officer, who says, "I say, sir, you simply cannot do that here, you know." "I'm very sorry, officer," replies the tourist, "but I really, really have to go, and I just can't find a public restroom." "Ah, yes," said the policeman."Just follow me". He leads the tourist down a back delivery alley to a gate, which he opens. "In there," points the policeman. "Go ahead sir, anywhere you like." The fellow enters and finds himself in the most beautiful garden he has ever seen. Manicured grass lawns, statuary, fountains, sculptured hedges, and huge beds of gorgeous flowers, all in perfect bloom. Since he has the policeman's blessing, he relieves himself and feels much more comfortable. As he goes back through the gate, he says to the police officer, "That was really decent of you... is that what you call English hospitality?" "No sir," replied the police officer, "that is what we call the French Embassy."
One of them was known as Sister Mathematical (SM), and the other one was known as Sister Logical (SL). It is getting dark and they are still far away from the convent. SM: Have you noticed that a man has been following us for the past thirty-eight and a half minutes? I wonder what he wants. SL: It's logical. He wants to rape us. SM: Oh, no! At this rate he will reach us in 15 minutes at the most? What can we do? SL: The only logical thing to do of course is to walk faster. SM: It's not working. SL: Of course it's not working. The man did the only logical thing. He started to walk faster, too. SM: So, what shall we do? At this rate he will reach us in one minute. SL: The only logical thing we can do is split. You go that way and I'll go this way. He cannot follow us both. So the man decided to follow Sister Logical. Sister Mathematical arrives at the convent and is worried about what has happened to Sister Logical. Then Sister Logical arrives. SM: Sister Logical! Thank God you are here! Tell me what happened! SL: The only logical thing happened. The man couldn't follow us both,so he followed me SM: Yes, yes! But what happened then? SL: The only logical thing happened. I started to run as fast as I could and he started to run as fast as he could. SM: And? SL: The only logical thing happened. He reached me. SM: Oh, dear! What did you do? SL: The only logical thing to do. I lifted my dress up. SM: Oh, Sister! What did the man do? SL: The only logical thing to do. He pulled down his pants. SM: Oh, no! What happened then? SL: Isn't it logical, Sister? A nun with her dress up can run faster than man with his pants down.
One Monday morning a mailman is walking the neighborhood on his usual route. As he approaches one of the homes he noticed that both cars were in the driveway. His wonder was cut short by Bob, the homeowner, coming out with a load of empty beer and liquor bottles. "Wow Bob, looks like you guys had one hell of a party last night." the mailman comments. Bob in obvious pain replies, "Actually we had it Saturday night. This is the first I have felt like moving since 4:00 am Sunday morning. We had about fifteen couples from around the neighborhood over for Christmas Cheer and it got a bit wild. Hell, we got so drunk around midnight that we started playing WHO AM I." The mailman thinks a moment and says, "How do you play that?" Well all the guys go in the bedroom and we come out one at a time with a sheet covering us and only our "privates" showing through a hole in the sheet. Then the women try to guess who it is." The mailman laughs and says, "Damn, I'm sorry I missed that." Probably a good thing you did," Bob responds. "Your name came up four or five times."
Little Johnny sees his Daddy's car passing the playground and going into the woods. Curious, he follows the car and sees Daddy and Aunt Jane kissing. Johnny finds this so exciting and can barely contain himself as he runs home and starts to tell his mother excitedly. "MOMMY, MOMMY, I WAS AT THE PLAYGROUND AND DADDY AND...." Mommy tells him to slow down, but that she wants to hear the story. So Johnny tells her. "I was at the playground and I saw Daddy's car go into the woods with Aunt Jane. I went to look and Daddy was giving Aunt Jane a big kiss, then he helped her take off her shirt, then Aunt Jane helped Daddy take his pants off, then Aunt Jane laid down on the seat, then Daddy...." At this point, Mommy cut him off and said, "Johnny, this is such an interesting story, suppose you save the rest of it for supper time. I want to see the look on Daddy's face when you tell it tonight." At the dinner table, Mommy asks Johnny to tell his story. He describes the car into the woods, the undressing, laying down on the seat, and, "Then Daddy and Aunt Jane did that same thing Mommy and Uncle Jeff used to do when Daddy was in the Army."
... walks into a bar in Texas and orders three beers. He sits at the bar, drinking a sip out of each glass in turn. This goes on for a few weeks till the bartender says " You know beer goes flat after pouring - why don't you just buy them one at a time?" The cowboy replies, "Well, you see, I have two brothers. One is in Arizona, the other is in Colorado . When they left our home we promised that we'd drink this way to remember the days when we drank together. So I'm drinking one beer for each of my brothers and one for myself." The bartender admits that this is a nice custom, and leaves it there. The cowboy becomes a regular in the bar, and always drinks the same way. One day, he comes in and only orders two beers. All the regulars take notice and fall silent. When he comes back to the bar for the second round, the bartender says, "I don't want to intrude on your grief, but I wanted to offer my condolences on your loss." The cowboy looks quite puzzled for a moment, then a light dawns in his eyes and he laughs. "Oh, no, everybody's just fine," he explains, "It's just that my wife made me quit drinking but it hasn't affected my brothers though."
Jack woke up with a huge hangover after attending his company's Christmas party. He didn't even remember how he got home from the party. As bad as he as feeling, he wondered if he did something wrong. Jack had to force himself to open his eyes, and the first thing he saw was couple of aspirins next to a glass of water on the side table. And, next to them, a single red rose! Jack sat up and saw his clothing in front of him, all clean and pressed. He looked around the room and saw that it was in perfect order, spotlessly clean. So was the rest of the house. He took the aspirins, and cringed when he saw a huge black eye staring back at him in the bathroom mirror. Then he noticed a note hanging on the corner of the mirror written in red with little hearts on it and a kiss mark from his wife in lipstick: "Honey, breakfast is on the stove. I left early to get groceries to make you your favorite dinner tonight. I love you, darling!" He stumbled to the kitchen and sure enough, there was hot breakfast, steaming hot coffee and the morning newspaper. His son was also at the table, eating. Jack asked, "Son, what happened last night?" "Well, you came home after 3 A.M, drunk and out of your mind. You fell over the coffee table and broke it, and then you puked in the hallway, and got that black eye when you ran into the door." Confused, he asked his son, "So, why is everything in such perfect order and so clean? I have a rose, and breakfast is on the table waiting for me?? His son replied, "Oh THAT! Mum dragged you to the bathroom to clean you up, and when she tried to take your pants off, you screamed, 'Leave me alone bitch, I'm married!"
Last week was my birthday and I didn't feel very well waking up that morning. I went downstairs for breakfast hoping my wife would be pleasant and say, "Happy birthday!", and possibly have a present for me. As it turned out, she barely said good morning, let alone "Happy birthday". I thought... well, that's marriage for you, but the kids will remember. My kids ate breakfast and didn't say a word. So when I left for the office, I was feeling pretty low and somewhat despondent. As I walked into my office, my secretary, Jane said, "Good morning boss, happy birthday!" It felt a little better that at least someone had remembered. I worked until one o'clock and then Jane knocked on my door and said, "You know,it's such a beautiful day outside, and it's your birthday, let's go out to lunch, just you and me". I said, "Thanks Jane, that's the greatest thing I've heard all day. Let's go! "We went to lunch. But we didn't go where we normally would go. We dined instead at a little place with a private table. We had two martinis each and I enjoyed the meal tremendously. On the way back to the office, Jane said, "You know, it's such a beautiful day...We don't need to go back to the office, do we?" I responded, "I guess not. What do you have in mind?" She said, "Let's go to my apartment". After arriving at her apartment Jane turned to me and said, "Boss, if you don't mind, I'm going to step into the bedroom for a moment. I'll be right back". "OK", I nervously replied. She went into the bedroom and, after a couple of minutes, she came out carrying a huge birthday cake... followed by my wife, kids, and dozens of my friends and co-workers, all singing "Happy Birthday". And I just sat there... On the couch... Naked...
so for homework that one day, she told her her students to ask their parents what the government is. When Little Johnny got home that day, he went up to his dad and ask his what the government was. His dad thought for a while and answered, ''Look at it this way: I'm the president, your mom is Congress, your maid is the work force, you are the people and your baby brother is the future.'' ''I still don't get it'' responded the Little Johnny. ''Why don't you sleep on it then? Maybe you'll understand it better,'' said the dad. ''Okay then...good night'' said Little Johnny went off to bed. In the middle of the night, Little Johnny was awakened by his baby brother's crying. He went to his baby brother's crib and found that he had taken a crap in his diaper. So Little Johnny went to his parent's room to get help. When he got to his parent's bedroom, he looked through the keyhole to check if they were asleep. Through the keyhole he saw his mom loudly snoring, but his dad wasn't there. So he went to the maid's room. When he looked through the maid's room keyhole, he saw his dad having sex with his maid. Little Johnny was surprised, but then he just realized something and thinks aloud, ''OH!! Now I understand the government! The President is fucking the work force, Congress is fast asleep, nobody cares about the people, and the future is full of shit!''
A rapist and con artist get caught by the sheriff in a small town. The town doesn’t have much money to take care of prisoners so the sheriff gets an idea. He decides he’ll charge money to let the townspeople punish the crooks and use the money to keep them in jail for as long as he can. The sheriff figures even a short stay in jail will be plenty after a little “justice” from the townspeople. The sheriff takes the criminals to the town square, handcuffs them posts and sets up shop. He tells the people that the punishment should fit the crime so anyone can pay $1 to kick the rapist in the groin. Since the con artist used his image to wrong his victims, anyone can pay $1 to hit him in the face. After a while there are two long lines for the criminals. Some people paying $5, $10, even $15 to get their licks in. After a long while, a guy steps up for his turn and sees the con artist’s face is a bloody pulp and thinks “He’s so beat up at this point, he probably can’t even feel anything anymore. I’m not going to waste my money on that.” So the guy walks up and kicks the con artist squarely in the groin. The sheriff sees this and hurries over and says, “Hey son, you can’t do that here.” The man asks, “Why not?” And the sheriff replies, “Because this is the punch line.”
A little old lady was walking down the street dragging two large plastic garbage bags behind her. One of the bags was ripped and every once in a while a $20 fell out onto the sidewalk. Noticing this, a policeman stopped her, and said, "Ma'am, there are $20 bills falling out of that bag." "Oh, really? Darn it!" said the little old lady. "I'd better go back and see if I can find them. Thanks for telling me officer. "Well, now, not so fast," said the cop.“Where did you get all that money? You didn't steal it, did you?" "Oh, no, no", said the old lady. "You see, my back yard is right next to a Golf course. A lot of Golfers come and pee through a knot hole in my fence, right into my flower Garden. It used to really tick me off. Kills the flowers, you know. Then I thought, 'why not make the best of it? So, now, I stand behind the fence by the knot hole, real quiet, with my hedge clippers. Every time some guy sticks his thing through my fence, I surprise him, grab hold of it and say, 'O.K., buddy! Give me $20, or off it comes.' "Well, that seems only fair," said the cop, laughing. "OK. Good luck! Oh, by the way, what's in the other bag?" the old lady said.... "well,Not everybody pays."
Disclaimer: I just heard this joke today, so I apologize if this is old news for some of you. Harold is 95 and lives in a Senior Citizen Home. Every night after dinner, Harold goes to a secluded garden behind the Centre to sit and ponder his accomplishments and long life. One evening, Mildred, age 87, wanders into the garden. They begin to chat and before they know it, several hours have passed. After a short lull in their conversation, Harold turns to Mildred and asks, "Do you know what I miss most of all?" Sex!" Mildred exclaims, "Why you old fart! You couldn't get it up if I held a gun to your head!" "I know," Harold says, "but it would be nice if a woman could just hold it for a while." "Well, I can oblige," says Mildred, who unzips his trousers, removes his manhood and proceeds to hold it. Afterward, they agree to meet secretly each night in the garden where they would sit and talk and Mildred would hold Harold's manhood. Then one night, Harold didn't show up at their usual meeting place. Alarmed, Mildred decided to find Harold to make sure that he was okay. She walked around the Senior Citizen Home. She found him sitting by the pool with Ethel, another female resident, who was holding Harold's manhood. Furious, Mildred yelled, "You two-timing son of a bitch! What does Ethel have that I don't have?" Old Harold smiled happily and replied, "Parkinson's."
Ole and Sven die in a snowmobiling accident, drunker than skunks, and go to Hell. The Devil observes that they are really enjoying themselves. He says to them 'Doesn't the heat and smoke bother you? Ole replies, 'Vell, ya know, ve're from nordern Minnesooota, da land of snow an ice, an ve're yust happy fer a chance ta varm up a little bit, ya know.' The devil decides that these two aren't miserable enough and turns up the heat even more. When he returns to the room of the two guys from Minnesota , the devil finds them in light jackets and hats, grilling Walleye and drinking beer. The devil is astonished and exclaims, 'Everyone down here is in abject misery, and you two seem to be enjoying yourselves?' Sven replies, 'Vell, ya know, ve don't git too much varm veather up dere at da Falls, so ve've yust got ta haff a fish fry vhen da veather's dis nice.' The devil is absolutely furious. He can hardly see straight Finally he comes up with the answer. The two guys love the heat because they have been cold all their lives. The devil decides to turn all the heat off in Hell. The next morning, the temperature is 60 below zero, icicles are hanging everywhere, and people are shivering so bad that they are unable to wail, moan or gnash their teeth. The devil smiles and heads for the room with Ole and Sven. He gets there and finds them back in their parkas, bomber hats, and mittens. They are jumping up and down, cheering, yelling and screaming like mad men. The devil is dumbfounded, 'I don't understand, when I turn up the heat you're happy. Now its freezing cold and you're still happy. What is wrong with you two?' They both look at the devil in surprise and say 'Vell, don't ya know, if hell iss froze over, dat must mean da Vikings von da Super Bow!'
had not been home for over 5 years. Upon her return, her father cursed her. Where have ye been all this time? Why did ye not write to us, not even a line? Why didn't ye call? Can ye not understand what ye put yer old mum thru? The girl, crying, replied, "Sniff, sniff....dad....I became a prostitute...." "Ye what!!? Out of here, ye shameless harlot! Sinner! You're a disgrace to this family." "OK, dad-- as ye wish. I just came back to give mum this luxurious fur coat, title deed to a ten bedroom mansion plus a savings certificate for £5 million." "For me little brother, this gold Rolex and for ye daddy, the sparkling new Mercedes limited edition convertible that's parked outside plus a membership to the country club....(takes a breath)....and an invitation for ye all to spend New Years' Eve on board my new yacht in the Riviera, and...." Now what was it ye said ye had become?" says dad. Girl, crying again, "Sniff, sniff....a prostitute dad! Sniff, sniff. "Oh! Be Jesus! Ye scared me half to death, girl! I thought ye said a Protestant. Come here and give yer old man a hug!"
Several centuries ago, the Pope decreed that all Muslims had to convert to Catholicism or leave Italy. There was a huge outcry from the Muslim community, so the Pope offered a deal.He'd have a religious debate with the leader of the Muslim community. If the Muslims won, they could stay in Italy; and if the Pope won, they'd have to convert or leave. The Muslim people met and picked an aged and wise Mufti to represent them in the debate.However, as the Mufti spoke no Italian, and the Pope spoke no Arabic, they agreed that it would be a "silent" debate.On the chosen day the Pope and Mufti sat opposite each other.The Pope raised his hand and showed three fingers.The Mufti looked back and raised one finger.Next, the Pope waved his finger around his head.The Mufti pointed to the ground where he sat.The Pope brought out a communion wafer and a chalice of wine.The Mufti pulled out an apple.With that, the Pope stood up and declared himself beaten and said that the Moulana was too clever.The Muslims could stay in Italy.Later the cardinals met with the Pope and asked him what had happened.The Pope said, "First I held up three fingers to represent the Trinity."He responded by holding up a single finger to remind me there is still only one God!"Then, I waved my finger around my head to show him that God was all around us."He responded by pointing to the ground to show that God was also right here with us."I pulled out the wine and wafer to show that God absolves us of all our sins."He pulled out an apple to remind me of the original sin."He beat me at every move and I could not continue!"Meanwhile, the Muslim community gathered to ask the Mufti how he'd won."I haven't a clue," the Mufti said."First, he told me that we had three days to get out of Italy, so I gave him the finger."Then he tells me that the whole country would be cleared of Muslims and I told him that we were staying right here!""And then what?" asked a woman."Who knows?" said the Mufti. "He took out his lunch so I took out mine."
It's a similar joke to the International Mime competition. Better told when you can act it out but I'll try to convey it here. It was the finals at the annual international mime competition. The two nations represented were France and Canada (a Quebecer of course). The competition works as a conversation with pantomime only. If one makes any noise or takes too long they are disqualified. The coin toss gave the Frenchman the first go. He held up one finger. The Canadian held up two fingers. The Frenchman immediately replied with three fingers to which the Canadian vehemently replied with a fist to the air. After a moment the Frenchman gave the "okay" gesture. The Canadian replied by making a wedge with his hands and pushed them forward. The Frenchman stopped "uh". A noise was uttered and the Frenchman lost. Back in Paris the French are drowning their sorrows in wine. "Pierre. How could you lose?" "Well I began with unity! So he replied with duality. I showed him the trinity. And he proclaimed Power to the People! I said that was an okay response. And then he did this" Mimicking the winning gesture. "WHAT IS THIS?"
So a plane crashes near a deserted island, and the only survivors are Megan Fox and a guy named Bill. So for months, Bill builds her a shelter, catches fish, cooks, and takes care of Megan, while being a perfect gentleman. So then Megan approaches Bill one night, and they make passionate love on the beach. This goes on for two weeks. One day Bill is acting down. Megan asks him, "Bill what's wrong?" "Nothing." he replies. Megan persists. "Really, what's wrong?" "it's ... No, don't worry about it." Megan turns him around and says, "If there's anything I can do for you, please let me know." Bill says, "Okay this is weird, but can you wear my hat?" Megan think to herself, "guys like girls in baseball caps." she says "Sure, why not." "can you wear my shirt and pants too?" She thinks to herself, "a shirt I can understand, but the pants? Okay.." so she agrees, and puts them on. Bill then says "can I borrow your mascara and put a mustache on you can call you Fred?" At this point she just doesn't care any more. "sure, what ever." "FRED!! You'll never believe who I've been fucking for the last two weeks!!!"
As a guitarist, I play many gigs. Recently I was asked by a funeral director to play at a graveside service for a homeless man. He had no family or friends, so the service was to be at a pauper’s cemetery in the back country. As I was not familiar with the backwoods, I got lost. I finally arrived an hour late and saw the funeral guy had evidently gone and the hearse was nowhere in sight. There were only the diggers and crew left and they were eating lunch. I felt badly and apologized to the men for being late. I went to the side of the grave and looked down and the vault lid was already in place. I didn’t know what else to do, so I started to play. The workers put down their lunches and began to gather around. I played out my heart and soul for this man with no family and friends. I played like I’ve never played before for this homeless man. And as I played ‘Amazing Grace,’ the workers began to weep. They wept, I wept, we all wept together. When I finished I packed up my guitar and started for my car. Though my head hung low, my heart was full. As I opened the door to my car, I heard one of the workers say, “I never seen nothin’ like that before and I’ve been putting in septic tanks for twenty years.”
...found himself at a gala event hosted by a local liberal arts college. There was no shortage of extremely young idealistic ladies in attendance, one of whom approached the Sergeant Major for conversation. "Excuse me, Sergeant Major, but you seem to be a very serious man. Is something bothering you?" "Negative, ma'am. Just serious by nature." The young lady looked at his awards and decorations and said, "It looks like you have seen a lot of action." "Yes, ma'am, a lot of action." The young lady, tiring of trying to start up a conversation, said, "You know, you should lighten up a little. Relax and enjoy yourself." The Sergeant Major just stared at her in his serious manner. Finally the young lady said, "You know, I hope you don't take this the wrong way, but when is the last time you had sex?" "1955, ma'am." "Well, there you are. No wonder you're so serious. You really need tochill out! I mean, no sex since 1955! She took his hand and led him toa private room where she proceeded to "relax" him several times. Afterwards, panting for breath, she leaned against his bare chest and said, "Wow, you sure didn't forget much since 1955." The Sergeant Major said in his serious voice, after glancing at his watch, "I hope not; it's only 2130 now."
On a farm out in the country lived a man and a woman and their three sons. Early one morning, the woman awoke, and while looking out of the window onto to the pasture, she saw that the family's only cow waslying dead in the field. The situation looked hopeless to her -- how could she possibly continue to feed her family now? In a depressed state of mind, she hung herself. When the man awoke to find his wife dead, as well as the cow, he too began to see the hopelessness of the situation, and he shot himself in the head. Now the oldest son woke up to discover his parents dead (and the cow!), and he decided to go down to the river and drown himself. When he got to the river, he discovered a mermaid sitting on the bank. She said, "I've seen all and know the reason for your despair. But if you will have sex with me five times in a row, I will restore your parents and the cow to you." The son agreed to try, but after four times, he was simply unable to satisfy her again. So the mermaid drowned him in the river. Next the second oldest son woke up. After discovering what had happened, he too decided to throw himself into the river. The mermaid said to him, "If you will have sex with me ten times in a row, I will make everything right." And while the son tried his best (seven times!), it was not enough to satisfy the mermaid, so she drowned him in the river. The youngest son woke up and saw his parents dead, the dead cow in the field, and his brothers gone. He decided that life was a hopeless prospect, and he went down to the river to throw himself in. And there he also met the mermaid. "I have seen all that has happened, and I can make everything right if you will only have sex with me fifteen times in a row." The young son replied, "Is that all? Why not twenty times in a row?" The mermaid was somewhat taken aback by this request. Then he said, "Hell, why not twenty-five times in a row?" And even as she was reluctantly agreeing to his request, he said, "Why not THIRTY times in a row?" Finally, she said, "Enough!! Okay, if you will have sex with me thirty times in a row, then I will bring everybody back to perfect health." Then the young son asked, "Wait! How do I know that thirty times in a row won't kill you like it did the cow?"
There is a factory in Northern Ireland which makes the Tickle Me Elmo toys. The toy laughs when you tickle it under the arms. Well, Lena is hired at The Tickle Me Elmo factory and she reports for her first day promptly at 8:00 AM. The next day at 8:45 AM there is a knock at the Personnel Manager's door. The Foreman throws open the door and begins to rant about the new employee. He complains that she is incredibly slow and the whole line is backing up, putting the entire production line behind schedule. The Personnel Manager decides he should see this for himself, so the 2 men march down to the factory floor. When they get there the line is so backed up that there are Tickle Me Elmo's all over the factory floor and they're really beginning to pile up. At the end of the line stands Lena surrounded by mountains of Tickle Me Elmo's. She has a roll of plush red fabric and a huge bag of small marbles. The 2 men watch in amazement as she cuts a little piece of fabric, wraps it around two marbles and begins to carefully sew the little package between Elmo's legs. The Personnel Manager bursts into laughter. After several minutes of hysterics he pulls himself together and approaches Lena. "I'm sorry," he says to her, barely able to keep a straight face, "but I think you misunderstood the instructions I gave you yesterday..." "Your job is to give Elmo two test tickles.
and they're complaining about it non-stop. "Sheesh, this is hard work. I hate this job!" "Yeah. How come we're down here working our asses off, and the foreman is up there sitting under a shady tree with a cool drink, and making 3 times as much as us? It's not fair!" "That's it! I'm sick of this! I'm gonna go ask him!" So the guy climbs out of the ditch and goes up to the foreman under the shady tree. "How come we're down there working our asses off in the burning hot sun, while you sit up here under this shady tree with a cool drink?" The foreman says, "Well, it comes down to one word: Intelligence." "Whaddya mean, intelligence? You calling me stupid!?" "Well, here. Let me show you." So the foreman holds his hand up against the tree and says, "Punch my hand as hard as you can." The guy figures, now's my chance for some payback! He winds up and swings at the foreman's hand as hard as he can, but at the last moment, the foreman yanks his hand away. The guy nearly breaks his hand smashing it against the tree. "See what I mean?" the foreman says. "Intelligence." "Alright. I get it." And he goes back to work with his hand throbbing in pain. His buddy in the ditch asks him, "So whad he say?" "He said we're slaving away down here because of intelligence!" "Intelligence!? Is he calling us stupid!? What does he mean by that!?" His buddy says, "Well here, let me show you." Seeing no tree around, he holds up his hand in front of his face. "Take your shovel and hit my hand..."
Edited for spelling [The names of the friends are interchangeable, try using your own friends' names for added humor] Three friends die and go to heaven. When they reach the Pearly Gates, St. Peter greets them, giving them the usual speel that everyone gets when they're about to enter, and as they are walking in he says " By the way, I almost forgot the new rule. Whatever you do, don't step on a duck." The three friends think this is an odd rule, but they agree to it and step in. The second they enter they realize that the final rule might be harder to follow than they thought. Heaven is TEEMING with ducks! Try as they might, they quickly realize that avoiding the birds is going to be a difficult task. And then it happens, "QUACK!" Friends Two and Three look over in shock as Friend One steps on a duck. Quickly, an angel rushes over with one of the most unattractive people the three of them have ever seen. "Because you stepped on a duck, you are condemned to spend the rest of you time in the Kingdom shackled to this person. Have a good eternity." The angel shackles the two together and flies off. After seeing what happened to Friend One, the other two are more wary of the consequences and begin treading extremely lightly. The two of them make it another three days before, on the dawn of the fourth day, a loud "QUACK" is heard. Friend Two looks to Friend Three, wide-eyed, fearing the worst. The angel rushes over, ties Friend Two to a hideous being, and flies away. The third friend, now petrified that this will be his fate, becomes incredibly paranoid, barely walking anywhere. He lasts one week, two weeks, but on the beginning of the third week an angel brings one of the most stunningly beautiful people the friend has ever seen, shackles the two of them together, and flies off. Bewildered and excited, Friend Three proclaims, "Wow! What did I do to deserve this?" And the person the friend is shackled to turns and replies "I don't know what you did, but I stepped on a duck!"
Why I fired my secretary: Last week was my birthday and I didn't feel very well waking up on that morning. I went downstairs for breakfast hoping my wife would be pleasant and say, "Happy Birthday!", and possibly have a small present for me. As it turned out, she barely said good morning, let alone "Happy Birthday." I thought... Well, that's marriage for you, but the kids... They will remember. My kids came bounding down stairs to breakfast and didn't say a word. So when I left for the office, I felt pretty low and somewhat despondent. As I walked into my office, my secretary Jane said, "Good Morning Boss, and by the way Happy Birthday!" It felt a little better that at least someone had remembered. I worked until one o'clock, when Jane knocked on my door and said, "You know, It's such a beautiful day outside, and it is your Birthday, what do you say we go out to lunch, just you and me." I said, "Thanks, Jane, that's the greatest thing I've heard all day. Let's go!" We went to lunch. But we didn't go where we normally would go. She chose instead a quiet bistro with a private table. We had two Martinis each and I enjoyed the meal tremendously. On the way back to the office, Jane said, "You know, It's such a beautiful day... We don't need to go straight back to the office, do we?" I responded, "I guess not. What do you have in mind?" She said, "Let's drop by my apartment, it's just around the corner." After arriving at her apartment, Jane turned to me and said, "Boss, if you don't mind, I'm going to step into the bedroom for just a moment. I'll be right back." "Okay," I nervously replied. She went into the bedroom and, after a couple of minutes, she came out carrying a huge birthday cake. Followed by my wife, my kids, and dozens of my friends and co-workers, all singing "Happy birthday". And I just sat there... On the couch... Sobbing... Naked... and erect.
I must have been 16.I went in to buy a packet of condoms at the pharmacy. There was this beautiful assistant behind the counter, and she could see that I was new at it.She handed me the package and asked if I knew how to wear one. I honestly answered, "No, this is my first time."So she unwrapped the package, took one out and slipped it over her thumb. She cautioned me to make sure it was on tight and secure. I apparently still looked confused. So she looked all around the store to see if it was empty. It was empty."Just a minute." she said, and walked to the door, and locked it.Taking my hand, she led me into the back room, unbuttoned her blouse and removed it. She unhooked her bra and laid it aside."Do these excite you?" she asked.Well, I was so dumb-struck that all I could do was shake my head. She then said it was time to slip the condom on.As I was slipping it on, she dropped her skirt, removed her knickers and sat down at a desk."Well, come on," she said, "we don't have much time."So I climbed on her. It was so wonderful, that unfortunately, I could no longer hold back and KAPOW. I was done within a few minutes.She looked at me with a bit of a frown, "Did you put that condom on?" she asked.I said, "I sure did." and held up my thumb to show her.She fainted.
Two men are sitting next to each other at the bar well into their drinking. The first man says to the bartender, in a thick Irish accent, “Sir, another shot of your finest whiskey!” The second man looks at the first and says, with an equally thick accent, “Well I’ll be, by chance do you come from Ireland?” “I do sir! A round for me and my fellow countryman!” The bartender pours the pair a shot each. The second man looks at the first and says, “By chance, did you happen to live near Dublin?” “Aye Sir, born and raised there! Another round Bartender!” exclaimed the first. Downing the whiskey together, the first looks at the second and says, “As unlikely as it seems, by chance you didn’t go to St. John’s College in Dublin did you?” “Jesus Mary and Joseph I did sir! Another two for my friend and me!” A regular walks into the bar and sits down next to the pair. The bartender pours him his usual beer and the man asks, “How’s the bar doing tonight, anything new going on?” The bartender replies, “Nothing new pal, just the O’Malley brothers drunk again.”
A cowboy named Bud was overseeing his herd in a remote mountainous pasture in Montana when suddenly a brand-new BMW advanced toward him out of a cloud of dust. The driver, a young man in a Brioni suit, Gucci shoes, RayBan sunglasses and YSL tie, leaned out the window and asked the cowboy, "If I tell you exactly how many cows and calves you have in your herd, will you give me a calf?" Bud looks at the man, who obviously is a yuppie, then looks at his peacefully grazing herd and calmly answers, "Sure, why not?" The yuppie parks his car, whips out his Dell notebook computer, connects it to his Cingular RAZR V3 cell phone, and surfs to a NASA page on the Internet, where he calls up a GPS satellite to get an exact fix on his location which he then feeds to another NASA satellite that scans the area in an ultra-high-resolution photo. The young man then opens the digital photo in Adobe Photoshop and exports it to an image processing facility in Hamburg, Germany ... Within seconds, he receives an email on his Palm Pilot that the image has been processed and the data stored. He then accesses an MS-SQL database through an ODBC connected Excel spreadsheet with email on his Blackberry and, after a few minutes, receives a response. Finally, he prints out a full-color, 150-page report on his hi-tech, miniaturized HP LaserJet printer, turns to the cowboy and says, "You have exactly 1,586 cows and calves." "That's right. Well, I guess you can take one of my calves," says Bud. He watches the young man select one of the animals and looks on with amusement as the young man stuffs it into the trunk of his car. Then Bud says to the young man, "Hey, if I can tell you exactly what your business is, will you give me back my calf?" The young man thinks about it for a second and then says, "Okay, why not?" "You're a Congressman for the U.S. Government", says Bud. "Wow! That's correct," says the yuppie, "but how did you guess that?" "No guessing required." answered the cowboy. "You showed up here even though nobody called you; you want to get paid for an answer I already knew, to a question I never asked. You used millions of dollars worth of equipment trying to show me how much smarter than me you are; and you don't know a thing about how working people make a living - or about cows, for that matter. This is a herd of sheep.” “Now give me back my dog.”
Cingular? RAZR V3? Palm Pilot? What year is this? Kidding aside, nice joke. EDIT: Got bored, decided to try my hand at updating it: A cowboy named Bud was overseeing his herd in a remote mountainous pasture in Montana when suddenly a brand-new BMW advanced toward him out of a cloud of dust. The driver, a young man in a Brioni suit, Gucci shoes, RayBan sunglasses and YSL tie, leaned out the window and asked the cowboy, "If I tell you exactly how many cows and calves you have in your herd, will you give me a calf?" Bud looks at the man, who obviously is a yuppie, then looks at his peacefully grazing herd and calmly answers, "Sure, why not?" The yuppie parks his car, whips out his Macbook Air, tethers it to his Galaxy S3 and uses its built-in GPS function to get an exact fix on his location which he then feeds to a NASA satellite that scans the area in an ultra-high-resolution photo. The young man then opens the digital photo in Adobe Photoshop and exports it to an image processing facility in Hamburg, Germany ... Within seconds, he receives an email on his Android that the image has been processed and the data stored. He then accesses an MS-SQL database through an ODBC connected Excel spreadsheet with email on his Macbook Air, after a few minutes, receives a response.
A man lives in a foreign country, and his job is to operate the train that connects one town to another. He is not very good at his job, and he is also very greedy. Since his income does not meet his expenses, he decides to steal from his passengers' fares. At first he steals only a little. However, as he gets more and more greedy, he steals more and more. Eventually, he is caught. The company is furious. Once he has been tried and found guilty, the company asks for the death penalty. The court refuses choosing to banish him from the country instead. The man moves on to another country, certain that he can dedicate himself to a new life. However the only thing he really understands is operating trains, so before long, he is a train operater in this new country. Unfortunately, the old habits come back, and after a while, he starts stealing from the passengers' fairs again. Once again, he is eventually caught and taken back to trial. Once he is found guilty, the judge says he sees no hope for reform, since this is the second time the man has been caught doing this. Thus, the judge sentences the man to death. On the day of execution, the man is placed in the electric chair, and the chair is turned on. Much to the surprise of everyone there, the man is not even hurt. He just sits there, as if nothing is happening. The instrument panel says that the electric chair is working, but the man is completely unaffected! The chair is turned off and on several more times, but the man doesn't even flinch! Finally, one of the guards asks the man why the electric chair isn't hurting him, and the man replies, "Well, I've always been a really poor conductor.".
Pierre, a brave French fighter pilot, takes his girlfriend, Marie, out for a pleasant little picnic by the River Seine. It's a beautiful day and love is in the air. Marie leans over to Pierre and says, 'Pierre, kiss me!' Pierre grabs a bottle of Merlot and splashes it on Marie's lips. 'What are you doing, Pierre?' says the startled Marie. 'I am Pierre, French fighter pilot! When I have red meat, I have red wine!' She smiles and they start kissing. Things began to heat up a little and Marie says, 'Pierre, kiss me lower.' Our hero tears her blouse open, grabs a bottle of Chardonnay and pours it on her breasts. ' Pierre ! Pierre ! What are you doing now?' asks the bewildered Marie. 'I am Pierre, French fighter pilot! When I have white meat, I have white wine!' She giggles and they resume their passionate interlude. Marie then leans close to his ear and whispers, 'Pierre, kiss me, kiss me much lower!' Pierre rips off her underwear, grabs a bottle of Cognac and pours it on her pubes... He then strikes a match and sets the cognac on fire. Marie shrieks and dives into the River Seine. Standing waist deep, Marie throws her arms into the air and screams furiously, 'PIERRE, WHAT IN HELL DO YOU THINK YOU ARE DOING?' Our 'hero' stands and shouts defiantly, 'I am Pierre, French fighter pilot! If I go down, I go down in flames!'
The Englishman comes in for his interview and it goes really well, he has a glowing record in the Army and is a perfect fit for the job. At the end the interviewer asks him "Who do you love more, your country or your wife?" The Englishman replies "My country of course!" "OK" says the interviewer, "go through to the next room and shoot your wife" and he hands the Englishman a 9mm pistol. The Englishman takes the pistol and walks through to the next room, lo and behold is wife is there sitting at a table. He thinks back to all the years he has been married, how she has stuck with him through thick and thin throughout his military career. He goes back to the interviewer and hands over the gun, "I cannot do it, I love her too much". The Scotsman comes in for his interview and it goes brilliantly, he has an amazing record in the Navy and is a perfect fit for the job. At the end the interviewer asks him "Who do you love more, your country or your wife?" The Scotsman replies "My country of course!" "OK" says the interviewer, "go through to the next room and shoot your wife" and he hands the Scotsman a 9mm pistol. The Scotsman takes the pistol and walks through to the next room, lo and behold is wife is there sitting at a table. He thinks back to all the years she has stuck by him, on long deployments in the Navy, she has always been there for him when he returns. He goes back to the interviewer and hands over the gun, "I cannot do it, I love her too much". The Englishman and the Scotsman are in the waiting room and they see the Irishman go in for his interview. After a while they suddenly hear loud noises: BANG! BANG! BANG! a pause and then: THUD! THUD! THUD! ... THUD! A few seconds later the Irishman staggers out of the interview room covered in blood. The Englishman ans Scotsman shout at him "WHAT HAPPENED?!" The Irishman replies "Some idiot put blanks in the gun, so I beat her to death with the chair."
(I heard this from a friend, sorry if it is a repost.) A group of blonde people decided to get together and hold a blonde convention to prove that blondes aren't dumb. They invited all the blonde people in the area. In the middle of the event, they chose one random person from the crowd to answer questions, to prove she could answer them as well as anybody else. "What is twelve plus three?" asked the interviewer. "Nineteen," she responded. The interviewer felt very uncomfortable, however, the crowd was still supportive. To help get the girl's confidence back up, they shouted, "Give her another chance! Give her another chance!" "I'm going to ask you another question," said the interviewer. "What is ten times five?" The blonde was sure she would get it right this time. "Sixty!" she said. The interviewer shook her head, but again, the crowd cheered, "Give her another chance! Give her another chance!" The interviewer said, "I'm going to give you one last chance. This will be a very easy question. What is two plus one?" "Three!" said the blonde, happy to get a question she could finally answer correctly. The interviewer was about to congratulate when she was interrupted by the cheering of the crowd: "Give her another chance! Give her another chance!"
One day old man Stumpy and his wife Martha went to the Illinois State Fair. There is this man selling plane rides in his single prop show plane for $10 per person. Stumpy looks to Martha and says, "Martha, I think I really should try that." Martha replies, "I know you want to Stumpy, but we have a lot of bills, and you know the money is tight, and $10 is $10." So Stumpy goes without. Over the next few years they return every year, and the same thing, Stumpy wants to ride, but Martha says no money. Finally, when Stumpy and Martha are both about 70 years old, Stumpy looks to Martha, and says, "Martha, I'm 70 now, and I don't know if I'll ever get the chance again, so I just have to have a ride in that there airplane." Martha replies in the same old fashion, and Stumpy kind of slumps down. The pilot is standing near by and overhears the conversation... The pilot pipes up, "Excuse me folks, I couldn't help but hear your situation, and I have a deal for you. I'll take both of you up together, and if you can both make the entire trip without saying a word, or even making the slightest sound, I'll give the ride for free. But if either of you make a sound, its $10 each." Well, Martha and Stumpy look at each other, and agree to take the ride. The pilot takes them up, and starts to do loop de loops, twists, dives, climbs and spins. No sound. The pilot lands the plane, looks back at Stumpy and says, "Sir, I have to hand it to ya, you didn't make even the slightest sound and that was my best stuff." Stumpy looks back at the pilot and says, "Well, I was gonna say something when Martha fell out, but $10 is $10!"
An Irish woman of advanced age visited her physician to ask his advice on reviving her husband's libido. 'What about trying Viagra?' asked the doctor. 'Not a chance', she said... 'He won't even take an aspirin.' 'Not a problem,' replied the doctor. 'Give him an 'Irish Viagra'... 'What is Irish Viagra?', she asked. 'It's when you drop the Viagra tablet into his coffee. He won't even taste it. Give it a try and call me in a week to let me know how things went..' It was a week later when she called the doctor, who directly inquired as to her progress. The poor dear exclaimed, 'Oh, faith, bejaysus and begorrah! T'was horrid! Just terrible, doctor!' 'Really? What happened?' asked the doctor. 'Well, I did as you advised and slipped it in his coffee and the effect was almost immediate. He jumped straight up, with a smile on his face and a twinkle in his eye. With one swoop of his arms, he sent me cups and saucers flying, ripped me clothes to tatters and took me then and there passionately on the tabletop! T'was a nightmare, I tell you, an absolute nightmare!' 'Why so terrible?' asked the doctor, 'Do you mean the sex your husband provided wasn't good?' 'Freakin' jaysus, it was the best sex I've had in 25 years! But sure as I'm sittin' here, I'll never be able to show me face in Starbucks again.
... she is sitting in first class when she has a ticket for coach. While she is reading a magazine, the flight attendant confronts her and says "Excuse me, mam, you have a coach ticket, and you are sitting in first class, could you please move to coach?" She puts down her magazine, looks at her in the eyes, and says "I'm blond, I'm beautiful, I'm sitting in first class and I'm going to Dallas." She continues reading her magazine. The flight attendent calls the co-pilot to talk to her. The co-pilot confronts her and says "I'm the co-pilot of this plane, and I'm happy to hear you're excited to be going to Dallas, but could you please move to coach? You don't have a first class seat." She puts down her magazine, looks at him in the eyes, and says "I'm blond, I'm beautiful, I'm sitting in first class and I'm going to Dallas." She continues reading her magazine. The co-pilot, furious and not knowing what to do, goes to the Captain and asks if he can talk to her. The Captain gets up and talks to the woman. The woman grabs her bags and moves to coach. He returns to the co-pilot. The co-pilot asks "How did you get her to move? We've tried talking to her but nothing happened. What did you say?" and the captain responded saying "I told her first class isn't going to Dallas."
He is searching through the paper in the job classifieds and reads and ad saying that the zoo is hiring. The next day he goes to the zoo and interviews for the job. They tell him he is a perfect fit and that they would like to offer him the job but they cant tell him what it is, and if he takes the job he can never tell anyone what he does or even that he works at the zoo. The man is desperate for a job so he agrees to take the job even though he doesnt know what it is. They then tell him that a week prior their prized gorilla died and they cant afford to buy a new one. His job is going to be to dress up as a gorilla and entertain zoo guests. Over the next few weeks he puts on his costume and acts like a gorilla but his boss comes to him and says that he isnt acting enough like a gorilla. He tells him to get into it, play to the crowd. The next day he is really hamming it up, banging on his chest, charging the glass, and just having fun. the crowd is really getting into it and he is feeding off of their exitement. Eventually he sees a rope in his enclosure and takes it up to the highest rock. He grabs it and swings all the way across his enclosure, but looses his grip and ends up flying over the wall and lands in the lions enclosure. He is a little dazed from the fall and when he comes to he sees a huge male lion with its head down walking toward him. The lion is visably angry. Then before he knows it the lion pounces on him and starts attacking him. The man yells "HELP, HELP, PLEASE SOMEONE HELP ME!" Right then the lion slaps him in the face and say "Shut the fuck up man or you will get us both fired!!!"
After coming to a stop, a police officer approaches the car. The man asks, "What's the problem officer?" Officer: "You were going 75 miles an hour in a 55 mile an hour zone. I'm afraid I'm going to have to ticket you." Man: "No sir, I was going a little over 60." Wife: "Oh, Harry. You were going at least 80." (The man gives his wife a dirty look.) Officer: "I'm also going to give you a ticket for your broken tail light." Man: "Broken tail light? I didn't know about a broken tail light." Wife: "Oh, Harry. You've known about that tail light for weeks." (The man gives his wife another dirty look.) Officer: "I'm also going to give you a citation for not wearing your seat belt." Man: "Officer, I just took it off when you were walking up to the car." Wife: "Oh, Harry. You never wear your seat belt." The man turns to his wife and yells, "For cryin' out loud, can't you just shut up?!" The officer looks at the woman and asks, "Ma'am, does your husband talk to you this way all the time?" Wife says, "No, officer. Only when he's drunk."
A father goes upstairs to tuck his son into bed. As he reaches his son's door, he hears his son praying "Dear God please look after mum, dad, grandma and byebye grandad. The father thought the prayer was a little strange but nothing more. The next morning the family gets a phonecall that grandad had dies of a heartattack. The father remember his sons pray and was a little worried but he shrugged it off. A couple of weeks and the father goes to tuck his son in, sure enough he hears his son praying " Please God look after mum, dad and byebye grandma. The next morning the family gets a phonecall that grandma had of a stroke. The father is worried about this but still shrugs it off. A couple more weeks pass and the father goes to tuck his son in. He hears his son praying "Dear God please look after mum, byebye daddy. Now the father freaks out about his, he doesnt sleep at all that night and when he goes to work he cant do anything becaise of his worrying. Whem he gets home he says to his wife "you wouldnt know how much of a i've had a terrible day i had today". Too which his wife replies "you think you had a bad day? I found the bloody postman dead on our doorstep!!"
...And has the following exchange: Officer: May I see your driver's license? Driver: I don't have one. I had it suspended when I got my 5th DUI. Officer: May I see the owner's card for this vehicle? Driver: It's not my car. I stole it. Officer: The car is stolen? Driver: That's right. But come to think of it, I think I saw the owner's card in the glove box when I was putting my gun in there. Officer: There's a gun in the glove box? Driver: Yes sir. That's where I put it after I shot and killed the woman who owns this car and stuffed her in the trunk. Officer: There's a BODY in the TRUNK?!?!? Driver: Yes, sir. Hearing this, the officer immediately called his captain. The car was quickly surrounded by police, and the captain approached the driver to handle the tense situation: Captain: Sir, can I see your license? Driver: Sure. Here it is. It was valid. Captain: Who's car is this? Driver: It's mine, officer. Here's the owner' card. The driver owned the car. Captain: Could you slowly open your glove box so I can see if there's a gun in it? Driver: Yes, sir, but there's no gun in it. Sure enough, there was nothing in the glove box. Captain: Would you mind opening your trunk? I was told you said there's a body in it. Driver: No problem. Trunk is opened; no body. Captain: I don't understand it. The officer who stopped you said you told him you didn't have a license, stole the car, had a gun in the glovebox, and that there was a dead body in the trunk. Driver: Yeah, I'll bet the liar told you I was speeding, too.
A man went to the doctor and told him that he was having trouble maintaining an erection. After a complete exam the doctor told the man that the muscles around the base of his penis were damaged from a prior viral infection and there was nothing he could do for him. However, he knew of an experimental treatment that might work, if he were willing to take the risk. The treatment consisted of implanting muscle tissue from an elephant's trunk in the man's penis. The man thought about it for a while. The thought of going through life without ever experiencing sex again was just too much for him to bear. So, with the assurance that there would be no cruelty or adverse effect on the elephant, the man decided to go for it. A few weeks after the operation, he was given the green light to use his newly renovated equipment. As a result, he planned a romantic evening with his girlfriend and took her to one of the nicest restaurants in the city. She was leaning over the table in a low cut shirt, and sure enough he began to feel very uncomfortable. To release the pressure, he unzipped his fly. Suddenly his penis emerged from his pants, went to the top of the table, grabbed a roll, and retreated into his pants. His girlfriend was stunned at first, but then with a sly smile on her face said: "That was incredible. Can you do that again?" With his eyes watering, he replied: "I think I can, but I'm not sure if I can take another dinner roll in the ass."
A young guy from North Dakota moves to Florida and goes to a big "everything under one roof" department store looking for a job. The Manager says, "Do you have any sales experience?" The kid says "Yeah. I was a vacuum salesman back in North Dakota." Well, the boss was unsure, but he liked the kid and figured he'd give him a shot, so he gave him the job. "You start tomorrow. I'll come down after we close and see how you did." His first day on the job was rough, but he got through it. After the store was locked up, the boss came down to the sales floor. "How many customers bought something from you today?" The kid frowns and looks at the floor and mutters, "One". The boss says "Just one?!!? Our sales people average sales to 20 to 30 customers a day. That will have to change, and soon, if you'd like to continue your employment here. We have very strict standards for our sales force here in Florida. One sale a day might have been acceptable in North Dakota, but you're not on the farm anymore, son." The kid took his beating, but continued to look at his shoes, so the boss felt kinda bad for chewing him out on his first day. He asked (semi-sarcastically), "So, how much was your one sale for?" The kid looks up at his boss and says "$101,237.65". The boss, astonished, says $101,237.65?!? What the heck did you sell?" The kid says, "Well, first, I sold him some new fish hooks. Then I sold him a new fishing rod to go with his new hooks. Then I asked him where he was going fishing and he said down the coast, so I told him he was going to need a boat, so we went down to the boat department and I sold him a twin engine Chris Craft. Then he said he didn't think his Honda Civic would pull it, so I took him down to the automotive department and sold him that 4x4 Expedition." The boss said "A guy came in here to buy a fish hook and you sold him a boat and a TRUCK!?" The kid said "No, the guy came in here to buy tampons for his wife, and I said, 'Dude, your weekend's shot, you should go fishing.........'"
A woman in a hot air balloon realized she was lost. She reduced altitude and spotted a man below. She descended a bit more and shouted: "'Excuse me, can you help me? I promised a friend I would meet him an hour ago but I don't know where I am". The man below replied "You're in a hot air balloon hovering approximately 30 feet above the ground. You're between 40 and 41 degrees north latitude and between 59 and 60 degrees west longitude". "You must be a technician." said the balloonist. "I am" replied the man "how did you know?" "Well," answered the balloonist, "everything you have told me is probably technically correct, but I've no idea what to make of your information and the fact is, I'm still lost. Frankly, you've not been much help at all. If anything, you've delayed my trip with your talk." The man below responded "You must be in management". "I am" replied the balloonist, "but how did you know?" "Well," said the man "you don't know where you are or where you're going. You have risen to where you are, due to a large quantity of hot air. You made a promise, which you've no idea how to keep, and you expect people beneath you to solve your problems. The fact is you are in exactly the same position you were in before we met, but now, somehow, it's my fuc#ing fault
A young man had just got a job at an electrical store and was to start work on Monday. Unfortunately, he called in sick for the day. The boss was a little annoyed but decided that shit happens and let it go. The guy came in Tuesday and sold a stack of electronics, and continued on for the rest of the week selling record amounts of computers and TVs and other goods. The following Monday, the boss got a call - it was the new employee calling in. "Sorry boss - I'm really sick!" The boss was getting more annoyed with him. Tuesday the young guy was in and selling even more than last week. He finished up the week making a new record for sales for his state. Next Monday the new guy called in sick again and the boss decided it was time for a chat with him. So on Tuesday the guy rocks up to work and the boss pulls him aside. "Bob, you're a great salesman, but you keep calling in sick on Mondays - What's going on?" "Well boss. My sister's just gone through an awful divorce and she calls me every Monday morning crying, so I go over to her house and comfort her. We always wind up making love for the rest of the day..." "THAT'S SICK!" "I told you..."
...and orders a drink. He's carrying a brown paper bag, which he sets down on the bar. The bartender asks "What's in the bag?" The guy says "Wanna see?" He reaches into the bag and pulls out a very tiny grand piano and sets it on the bar. Then he reaches back into the bag and pulls out a tiny man dressed in a tuxedo. The little man sits down at the little piano and begins playing a song. The bartender says "That's amazing! Where'd you get that?" The guy explains he found a djinni's lamp, rubbed it, and was offered one wish from the djinni within. "Have you still got that lamp? Can I give it a try?" "Sure," says the man, reaching back into the bag and pulling out the djinni's lamp. The bartender takes the lamp and rubs it. The djinni emerges and tells the bartender he can have one wish. "Um... I wanna be rich!" exclaims the bartender. "I want a million bucks!" POOF! Suddenly the bar is filled with ducks. A million ducks. "Hey!" complains the bartender. "I wished for a million bucks not ducks! Is your djinni hard of hearing or something?!" To which the man says "You don't really think I wished for a 12 inch pianist, do you?"
and he says to the doctor "Top o' the morning Doc, I've got a little problem. It's a pain like, in me arse." So the doctor says "Well we'd better have a look at it. Take your trousers and pants down." After the patient assumes the position the doctor gets a rubber glove, some lubricant and starts to examine him. He can quickly feel something not quite right, and after a bit of fiddling he manages to extract a £20 note from the Irishman's bottom. "Did you know you had a £20 note stuck up there?" He asks the man. "No doc, I did not, to be sure. I do feel a little bit better, like, but still not quite right. Will you have another look for me?" So the doctor gets back to work and sure enough he finds another £20 note, and then another. After about half an hour he finally cannot feel any more banknotes. He sits down to count the money as the man puts his clothes back on. "So, how did you manage to get £1980 in used £20 notes into your bum?" "I don't rightly know doc, but I knew I wasn't feeling too grand."
There are two trees in the forest; one a birch, one a beech. They have grown up together from saplings to fully grown trees. They always had a healthy rivalry going, arguing about everything from the weather to the composition of the soil. In their older years a little sapling started to sprout between them and the birch said: "Hey, I bet you that's the son of a birch." "No sir, you are mistaken. That is the son of a beech." This went on back and forth for years, son of a birch, son of a beech. Until one day a woodpecker flew up to the top of the beech tree and started pecking. The beech tree said: "Hey woodpecker, could you do us a favor. Me and Mr. Birch have a bet about that sapling down there. Could you check it out and tell us if it is a son of a beech, or a son of a birch. The woodpecker replies: "No problem. I can figure this out for you guys." The woodpecker flies down to the sapling, pecks at it for a minute, and flies up to the beech tree. The beech asks: "So, what's the verdict? Is it a son of a birch, or a son of a beech?" The woodpecker replies: "I don't know what all your fuss was about, but that was the best piece of ash I have ever put my pecker in."
This joke doesn't work when written, because there's elements of physical comedy involved. My intent is to teach you the joke and hope you use it well. Without further ado, here's the joke There's this pimp and he's got 3 hos. He says to the first ho "Where's the 100 dollars you owe me" She says "I only owe you 50" slap "BITCH, don't correct me. He says to the second ho "Where's the 200 dollars you owe me" She says "I only owe you 100" slap "BITCH, don't correct me. He says to the first ho "Where's the 300 dollars you owe me" She says "I only owe you 200" slap "BITCH, don't correct me. He says to the fourth ho "Where's the 400 dollars you owe me" She says "I only owe you 300" slap "BITCH, don't correct me. He says to the fifth ho "Where's the 500 dollars you owe me" She says "I only owe you 400" slap "BITCH, don't correct me.... Keep going in this vein until someone interrupts you to say "wait, you said he only had 3 hos" at which point you slap them and say "BITCH, don't correct me. Yes I have gotten my ass kicked for telling this joke, but it was way worth it.
A blonde walks into a bank in New York City and asks for the loan officer. She says she's going to Europe on business for two weeks and needs to borrow $5,000. The bank officer says the bank will need some kind of security for the loan, so the blonde hands over the keys to a new Rolls Royce. The car is parked on the street in front of the bank; she has the title, and everything checks out. The bank agrees to accept the car as collateral for the loan. The bank's president and its officers all enjoy a good laugh at the blonde for using a $250,000 Rolls as collateral against a $5,000 loan. An employee of the bank then drives the Rolls into the bank's underground garage and parks it there. Two weeks later, the blonde returns and repays the $5,000 and the interest, which comes to $15.41. The loan officer says, "Miss, we are very happy to have had your business, and this transaction has worked out very nicely; but we are a little puzzled. We checked you out and found that you are a multimillionaire. What puzzles us is - why would you bother to borrow $5,000?" The blond replies....."Where else in New York City can I park my car for two weeks for only $15.41 and expect it to be there when I return?"
An Irishman goes to his doctor after a long illness. The doctor, after a lengthy examination, sighs, looks him in the eye and says, "I've some bad news for you. You have cancer, and I’m afraid it can't be cured. I'd give you two weeks to a month to live." The guy is shocked and saddened by the news, but of solid character. He walks back into the waiting room where his son is waiting for him and says, "Well son, we Irish celebrate when things are good, and we celebrate when things don't go so well. In this case, things aren't so well. I have cancer, and I've been given a short time to live. Let go to the pub and have a few pints." After four or five pints, they are feeling a little less somber. There are some laughs and more beers. Eventually the two are approached by some of the guy’s old friends who ask them what they are celebrating. So the guy tells his friends, "I've got only a few weeks to live as I have been diagnosed with AIDS." His friends give are quite shocked about this and so they stay to have a couple of beers with him and his son. After his friends leave, the guys’ son leans over to his dad and whispers in confusion „Dad, I though you said that you had cancer? Why you just told your friends that you were dying from AIDS!" “Well“, the guy says, "I just don't want any of them sleeping with your mother after I'm gone."
...when her fairy godmother shows up. She asks poor Cinderella, "What's troubling you, my dear?" "My sisters have all gone to the ball, but I can't! I have nothing to wear and no way to go..." cried Cinderella. "Oh fret not. Let me handle this for you," said the fairy godmother. "But first, you have to bring me all the pumpkins you can find." So Cinderella set off to look for all pumpkins she could find and rolled them back. Then her fairy godmother turned 1 into a beautiful golden carriage, 2 into majestic stallions, 2 into a beautiful pair of glass slippers and 1 into the most elegant and gorgeous white gown you could ever imagine. But Cinderella kept on crying. "Why are you still troubled, sweetie? You've got everything you need to go to the ball!" "But I... I... I'm on my period now. I can't wear that white dress," replied Cinderella. "Don't worry honey," said her fairy godmother, and she turned to look at the garden, only to find the largest pumpkin left, which she turned into a tampon. And at midnight, Cinderella died.
The boy went into the mall to get a job. He told the management that he was the world's best salesman. They gave him a job as a seller, but expected profits from day one. On Saturday evening the manager came down and asked how many customers he had served today. The boy said he had helped one customer. The director was disappointed with the boy and said he already had sellers today who had done much better than him. The manager asked the boy how much the sale was worth, and the boy answered "$93,100.25". The manager was very confused and asked the boy what he had sold. The boy: "I started off with a $0.25 fish hook which got him looking at the fishing poles. I set him up with the $100 bait master and asked him where he was gonna fish, I told him about that great lake down south but told him he'd need a car with all wheel drive to make it up the rough terrain so we got him into the $33,000 SUV we had on the lot, when he asked about boat rentals I thought I had lost him, but I ended up selling him the $60,000 riverking pro to top it off." The manager steps back in disbelief and says "Wow, you sold that all to a guy who came in for a fish hook? "No" the boy said "The customer came in and told he had to buy tampons for his wife. I simply told him the weekend was already wrecked so he might as well go on a fishing trip" EDIT: Thanks CowFu for improving story in my joke EDIT: Comma mistakes
The wife got a terrible headache and told her husband to go to the party alone. He, being a devoted husband, protested, but she argued and said she was going to take some aspirin and go to bed and there was no need for his good time to be spoiled by her not going. So he took his costume and away he went. The wife, after sleeping soundly for about an hour, woke without pain, and as it was still early, decided to go to the party. As her husband didn't know what her costume was, she thought she would have some fun by watching her husband to see how he acted when she was not with him. So she joined the party and soon spotted her husband in his costume, cavorting around on the dance floor, dancing with every nice "chick" he could and copping a little feel here and a little kiss there. His wife went up to him and being a rather seductive babe herself, he left his new partner high and dry and devoted his time to her. She let him go as far as he wished, naturally, since he was her husband. After more drinks he finally whispered a little proposition in her ear and she agreed, so off they went to one of the cars and had passionate intercourse in the back seat. Just before unmasking at midnight, she slipped away and went home and put the costume away and got into bed, wondering what kind of explanation he would make up for his outrageous behaviour. She was sitting up reading when he came in, so she asked what kind of time he had. "Oh, the same old thing. You know I never have a good time when you're not there." Then she asked," Did you dance much?" He replied, I'll tell you; I never even danced one dance. When I got there, I met Pete, Bill Brown and some other guys, so we went into the spare room and played poker all evening. " You must have looked really silly wearing that costume playingpoker all night!" she said with unashamed sarcasm. To which the husband replied, "Actually, I gave my costume to our neighbor, Sam. When he gave back the costume, he said he had the time of his life"!
The European Commission has just announced an agreement whereby English will be the official language of the European Union rather than German, which was the other possibility. As part of the negotiations, the British Government conceded that English spelling had some room for improvement and has accepted a 5-year phase-in plan that would become known as "Euro-English". In the first year, "s" will replace the soft "c". Sertainly, this will make the sivil servants jump with joy. The hard "c" will be dropped in favour of "k". This should klear up konfusion, and keyboards kan have one less letter. There will be growing publik enthusiasm in the sekond year when the troublesome "ph" will be replaced with "f". This will make words like fotograf 20% shorter. In the 3rd year, publik akseptanse of the new spelling kan be expekted to reach the stage where more komplikated changes are possible. Governments will enkourage the removal of double letters which have always ben a deterent to akurate speling. Also, al wil agre that the horibl mes of the silent "e" in the languag is disgrasful and it should go away. By the 4th yer people wil be reseptiv to steps such as replasing "th" with "z" and "w" with "v". During ze fifz yer, ze unesesary "o" kan be dropd from vords kontaining "ou" and after ziz fifz yer, ve vil hav a reil sensi bl riten styl. Zer vil be no mor trubl or difikultis and evrivun vil find it ezi tu understand ech oza. Ze drem of a united urop vil finali kum tru. Und efter ze fifz yer, ve vil al be speking German like zey vunted in ze forst plas.
The teacher tells the class they're going to do a spelling assignment that relates to what they did for recess. "If you can come up to the board and write the word I give you, you'll get a gold star for the day," the teacher explains. "Tommy, what'd you do for recess?" she asks the first student. "Well," Tommy begins, "I played in the sand box with Suzy!" "Okay great. If you can come to the board and spell the word 'sand' I'll give you a gold star." So Tommy goes up to the board, spells 'sand' and gets a gold star for the day. Then the teacher asks Suzy, "Suzy, what'd you do for recess today?" So Suzy answers, "like Tommy said, we played in the sand box together." "Okay," the teacher thinks, "if you can come up to the board and spell 'box' I'll give you a gold star. So Suzy spells 'box' and gets a gold star for the day. Then the teacher asks the third student, "Tyrone, what'd you do for recess today?" "Well I wanted to play in the sand box with Tommy and Suzy but they wouldn't let me," Tyrone answers. "Oh no!" says the teacher, "That's terrible! Do you know what that's called? That's called 'racial discrimination.' If you can come up to the board and spell 'racial discrimination' I'll give you a gold star."
Ed came home drunk one night, slid into bed beside his sleeping wife,and fell into a deep slumber. He awoke before the Pearly Gates, where St. Peter said, ‘You died in your sleep, Ed.’ Ed was stunned. ‘I’m dead? No, I can’t be! I’ve got too much to live for. Send me back!’ St. Peter said, ‘I’m sorry, but there’s only one way you can go back, and that is as a chicken.’ Ed was devastated, but begged St. Peter to send him to a farm near his home. The next thing he knew, he was covered with feathers, clucking and pecking the ground. A rooster strolled past. ‘So, you’re the new hen, huh? How’s your first day here?’ ‘Not bad,’ replied Ed the hen, ‘but I have this strange feeling inside. Like I’m gonna explode!’ ‘You’re ovulating,’ explained the rooster. ‘Don’t tell me you’ve never laid an egg before?’ ‘Never,’ said Ed. ‘Well, just relax and let it happen,’ says the rooster. ‘It’s no big deal.’ He did, and a few uncomfortable seconds later, out popped an egg! He was overcome with emotion as he experienced motherhood. He soon laid another egg — his joy was overwhelming. As he was about to lay his third egg, he felt a smack on the back of his head, and heard….. “Ed, wake up! You’ve shit in the bed!”
Bubba got drunk and died in a fire in his trailer caused by his cigarette. His body was so badly burned that the morgue needed someone to I.D. the body, so they called his two close friends, Jim-Bob and Billy-Joe to come and try to I.D. the body. Jim-Bob went in and the mortician pulled back the sheet, and Jim-Bob said, "Yep, he's got burnt up purdy bad. Roll 'im over." So, the mortician rolled him over, and Jim-Bob looked at his butt and said, "Nope, dat ain't Bubba." The mortician didn't say anything, but thought that was a little bit strange. Then, he brought in Billy-Joe to I.D. the body. Billy-Joe looked at him and said' "Yep, he's burnt up sumpin' real bad. Roll 'im over." The mortician rolled him over, and Billy-Joe looked down at his butt and said, "Nuh-uh, 'at ain't Bubba. The mortician said, "How can you tell?" Billy-Joe said, "Well, Bubba had two ass holes, ya know." "What? He had two a$$ holes? Impossible!" said the mortician. "Yep. Everyone in town knowed he had two ass holes, cause every time the three of us went to town, everyone would say, 'Here comes Bubba with them two ass holes.'
A new priest at his first mass was so nervous he could hardly speak. After mass he asked the Bishop how he had done. The Bishop replied, "When I am worried about getting nervous on the pulpit, I put a glass of vodka next to the water glass. If I start to get nervous, I take a sip." So next Sunday the priest took the Bishop's advice. At the beginning of the sermon, he got nervous and took a drink. He then proceeded to talk up a storm. Upon his return to his office after mass, he found the following note on his door: Sip the vodka, don't gulp. There are 10 commandments, not 12. There are 12 disciples, not 10. Jesus was consecrated, not constipated. Jacob wagered his donkey, he did not bet his ass. We do not refer to Jesus Christ as the late J. C. The Father, Son, and Holy Ghost are not referred to as Daddy, Junior, and the Spook. David slew Goliath, he did not kick the shit out of him. When David was hit by a rock and was knocked off his donkey, don't say he was stoned off his ass. We do not refer to the cross as the "Big T." When Jesus broke the bread at the last supper he said, "Take this and eat it for it is my body." He did not say, "Eat me." The Virgin Mary is not called "Mary with the Cherry." The recommended grace before a meal is not: "Rub-a-dub-dub, thanks for the grub, yeah God." Next Sunday there will be a taffy-pulling contest at St. Peter's, not a peter pulling contest at St. Taffy's.
I was playing golf, and even though I am usually a pretty good player, I was playing horribly that day. As I was about to tee off at the fourth hole I heard a voice say, three wood. I looked around and no one was behind me so I took my stance. Then once again I heard ..three wood. I looked down and there was a frog at the corner of the tee box, and he was telling me to use my three wood. I thought it was stupid but I was playing so badly that I thought nothing could hurt me so I took out my three wood. It was a long par four, and I hit the ball straight 250 yards with that three wood. Since the frog seemed to be lucky I picked him up and took him along with me. At the next hole he told me to use my five iron. It was a par three and I got my first hole in one ever. I made a least a birdie on all the rest of the holes, and all I had to do was listen to that frog. That night I took the frog to the casino in my hotel. We played Roulette. I put my money where the frog said and won on every spin of the wheel. After that I was tired so I went up to bed. I took the frog out of my pocket and put it on the dresser. Suddenly it looked at me and said, kiss me. Now I wasn't about to kiss a frog, but he said it again. So I kissed the frog and he turned into the most beautiful fourteen year old girl you have ever seen in your entire life. And that your honor is how that fourteen year old girl ended up in my hotel room. Edit 1: It's ok, I fixed my spelling error! Threat neutralized!
... Who were also drinking buddies. One night, the mechanics (Rick and Paul) were finishing up their shift and discussing where they should go for a drink afterwards. "I don't know, man," said Rick. "We've been to every bar in town. The scene's getting old." "Well," replied Paul, "there is one other option. I've heard drinking jet fuel gives you a pretty good buzz." "Fuck it, I'll try anything once," said Rick, and they grabbed the nearest can of jet fuel and had the kind of time that only drinking buddies can. The next morning, Rick awoke expecting the hangover from hell. To his surprise, he felt fine. Better than fine, even; he felt great! "This is amazing," he thought. "All the fun of drinking, but with no negative effects!" Just then, he receives a call from Paul. "Hey man," said Paul. "How ya feelin'?" "I feel great!" Exclaimed Rick. "You?" "Pretty good, but there's just one thing... Did you fart yet?" "No," said a puzzled Rick. "Why do you ask?" "Because," Paul said. "I'm in Arizona."
determined to make this a real vacation by not wearing anything that would identify them as clergy. As soon as the plane landed they headed for a store and bought some really outrageous shorts, shirts, sandals, sunglasses, etc. The next morning they went to the beach dressed in their "tourist" garb They were sitting on beach chairs, enjoying a drink, the sunshine and the scenery when a "drop dead gorgeous" blonde in a topless bikini came walking straight towards them. They couldn't help but stare. As the blonde passed them she smiled and said "Good Morning, Father ~ Good Morning, Father," nodding and addressing each of them individually, then she passed on by. They were both stunned. How in the world did she know they were priests? So the next day, they went back to the store and bought even more outrageous outfits These were so loud you could hear them before you even saw them! Once again, in their new attire, they settled down in their chairs to enjoy the sunshine. After a little while, the same gorgeous blonde, wearing a different colored topless bikini, taking her sweet time, came walking toward them Again she nodded at each of them, said Good morning, Father ~ Good morning, Father," and started to walk away. One of the priests couldn't stand it any longer and said, "Just a minute, young lady." "Yes, Father?" "We are priests and proud of it, but I have to know, how in the world do you know we are priests, dressed as we are?" ? She replied, "Father, it's me, Sister Margaret."
A brand new store has just opened in New York City that sells Husbands. When women go to choose a husband, they have to follow the instructions at the entrance: "You may visit this store ONLY ONCE! There are 6 floors and the value of the products increase as you ascend the flights. You may choose any item from a particular floor or may choose to go up to the next floor, but you CANNOT go back down except to exit the building!" So, a woman goes to the Husband Store to find a husband. The 1st floor sign reads: Floor 1 - These men have jobs. The 2nd floor sign reads: Floor 2 - These men Have Jobs and Love Kids. The 3rd floor sign reads: Floor 3 - These men Have Jobs, Love Kids and are extremely good looking. "Wow," she thinks, but feels compelled to keep going. She goes to the 4th floor and The sign reads: Floor 4 - These men Have Jobs, Love Kids, are Drop-dead Good Looking and Help with Housework. "Oh, mercy me!" she exclaims, "I can hardly stand it!" Still, she goes to the 5th floor and The sign reads: Floor 5 - These men Have Jobs, Love Kids, are Drop-dead Gorgeous, help with Housework and Have A Strong Romantic Streak. She is so tempted to stay, but she goes to the 6th floor and the sign reads: Floor 6 - You are visitor 31,456,012 to this floor. There are no men on this floor. This floor exists solely as proof that women are impossible to please. Thank you for shopping at the Husband Store. To avoid gender bias charges, the store's owner opens a New Wives store just across the street. The 1st floor has wives who love sex. The 2nd floor has wives who love sex and have money. The 3rd through 6th floors have never been visited.
When four of Santa's elves got sick, the trainee elves did not produce toys as fast as the regular ones, and Santa began to feel the pre-Christmas pressure. Then Mrs. Claus told Santa her Mother was coming to visit, which stressed Santa even more. When he went to harness the reindeer, he found that three of them were about to give birth and two others had jumped the fence and were gone, heaven knows where. Then when he began to load the sleigh, one of the floorboards cracked, the toy bag fell to the ground and all the toys were scattered. Frustrated, Santa went in the house for a cup of apple cider and a shot of rum. When he went to the cupboard, he discovered the elves had finished the cider and the liquor. In his frustration, he accidentally dropped the liquor bottle, and it broke into hundreds of little glass pieces all over the kitchen floor. He went to get the broom and found the mice had eaten all the straw off the end of the broom. Just then the doorbell rang, and an irritated Santa stomped to the door, yanked it open, and there stood a little angel with a great big Christmas tree. The angel said very cheerfully, 'Merry Christmas, Santa. Isn't this a lovely day? I have a beautiful tree for you. Where would you like me to stick it?' And so began the tradition of the little angel on top of the Christmas tree.
Arthur thought about it for a minute and then said, "I want to hang out with God." St. Peter took Arthur to the Throne Room, and introduced him to God. God recognized Arthur and commented, "Okay, so you were the one who invented the Harley-Davidson motorcycle?" Arthur said, "Yeah, that's me..." God continued "Well, what's the big deal in inventing something that's pretty unstable, makes noise and pollution and can't run without a road?" Arthur was a bit embarrassed, but finally spoke, "Excuse me, but aren't you the inventor of Woman?" God said, "Yes, that would be me." "Well," said Arthur , "Professional to professional, you have some major design flaws in your invention!... There's too much inconsistency in the front-end suspension It chatters constantly at high speeds Most rear ends are too soft and wobble about too much The intake is placed way too close to the exhaust The maintenance costs are outrageous!!!!" "Hmmmmm, you may have some good points there", replied God, "Hold on." God went to his Celestial supercomputer, typed in a few words and waited for the results. The computer printed out a slip of paper and God read it. "Well, it may be true that my invention is flawed", God said to Arthur, "But according to these numbers, more men are riding my invention than yours."
A visiting professor at Florida State University is giving a seminar on the supernatural. To get a feel for his audience, he asks: "How many people here believe in ghosts?" About 90 students raise their hands. "Well that’s a good start. Out of those of you who believe in ghosts, do any of you think you’ve ever seen a ghost?" About 40 students raise their hands. "That’s really good. I’m really glad you take this seriously. Has anyone here ever talked to a ghost? 15 students raise their hands. "That’s a great response. Has anyone here ever touched a ghost?" Three students raise their hands. "That’s fantastic. But let me ask you one question further.....Have any of you ever made love to a ghost?" One student in the back raises his hand. The professor is astonished. He takes off his glasses, takes a step back, and says, "Son, all the years I’ve been giving this lecture, no one has ever claimed to have slept with a ghost. You’ve got to come up here and tell us about your experience." The redneck student replies with a nod and a grin, and begins to make his way up to the podium. The professor says, "Well, tell us what it’s like to have sex with a ghost." The student replies, "Ghost? Damn..... From back there I thought you said ’goats’!"
While he was there, a stunning young blonde came out of the apartment and walked down to the mailboxes, wearing only a bathrobe. The young man smiled at the woman and she started up a conversation with him. As they talked......her robe slipped open, and it was obvious that she had nothing else on. The poor kid broke into a sweat trying with all his effort to maintain eye contact. After a few minutes, she placed her hand on his arm and said, 'Let's go to my apartment, I hear someone coming.' Nervously he followed her into her apartment; she closed the door and leaned against it, allowing her bathrobe to fall off completely. Now nude, she purred at him......... 'What would you say is my best feature?' Flustered and embarrassed, he finally squeaked, 'It's got to be your ears!!!' Astounded, and a little hurt she asked, 'My ears?!?!?' 'Look at these breasts; they are a full 39 inches and 100% natural...... I work out every day and my Ass is firm and solid.......i have a 28 inch waist....... Look at my skin - not a blemish anywhere!!!!' How can you think that the best part of my body is my ears!?!' Clearing his throat, he stammered .... 'Outside, when you said you heard someone coming that was me.'
There was a little girl named Suzy and she liked to play with one of the little boys in her neighborhood named Jack after school. One day, Suzy comes home ecstatic and her mother asks, "Suzy, why are you so excited?". Suzy replies "I was playing with Jack and he said he'd give me a dollar if I climbed the tree in our yard and I did. So now I have a dollar!" The mother realizes her little Suzy is wearing a dress and puts two and two together. "Suzy," the mom starts to say, "Jack didn't pay you that dollar to climb the tree, he tricked you so he could look at your panties. Don't let him trick you like that again." Embarrassed, the little girl agrees to not fall for any more of Jack's clever tricks. The next day, the mom is sitting in the living room when Suzy bursts through the door ten times more excited than yesterday. "Mommy! I just got 10 dollars from Jack to climb that tree!" The mother, in a scolding tone says, "Suzy! I thought I told you that Jack is just tricking you to look at your panties!" But the little girl smiles and says, "Don't worry mom! I tricked Jack because I didn't wear any!"
A large woman wearing a sleeveless sun dress walked into a pub in England. She raised her right arm revealing a huge, hairy armpit as she pointed to all the people sitting at the bar and asked, "What man here will buy a lady a drink? The bar went silent as the patrons tried to ignore her. But down at the end of the bar, a bleary-eyed drunk slammed his hand down on the counter and bellowed, "Give the ballerina a drink! The bartender poured the drink and the woman chugged it down. She turned to the patrons and again pointed around at all of them revealing the same hairy armpit and asked, "What man here will buy a lady a drink? Once again, the same little drunk slapped his money down on the bar and said, "Give the ballerina another drink!" The bartender approached the little drunk and said, "I say, old chap, it's none of my business if you want to buy the lady a drink, but why do you keep calling her 'the ballerina' ?" The drunk replied, "Any woman who can lift her leg that high has got to be a ballerina."
Three bulls heard via the grapevine that the rancher was going to bring another bull onto the ranch, and the prospect raised a discussion among them. The first bull says, "Boys, we all know I've been here 5 years. Once we settled our differences, we agreed on which 100 of the cows would be mine. Now, I don't know where this newcomer is going to get HIS cows, but I ain't' givin' him any of mine." The second bull says, "That pretty much says it for me, too. I've been here 3 years and have earned my right to the 50 cows we've agreed are mine. I'll fight 'im till I run him off or kill 'im, but I'M KEEPIN' ALL MY COWS." The third bull says, "I've only been here a year, and so far you guys have only let me have 10 cows to "take care of". I may not be as big as you fellows yet, but I am young and virile, so I simply MUST keep all MY cows." They had just finished their big talk when an eighteen-wheeler pulls up in the middle of the pasture with only ONE ANIMAL IN IT: the biggest Son-of-Another-Bull these guys had ever seen! At 4700 pounds, each step he took toward the ground strained the steel ramp to the breaking point. The first bull says, "Ahem...You know, it's actually been some time since I really felt I was doing all my cows justice, anyway. I think I can spare a few for our new friend." The second bull says, "I'll have plenty of cows to take care of if I just stay on the opposite end of the pasture from HIM. I'm certainly not looking for an argument." They look over at their young friend, the third bull, and find him pawing the dirt, shaking his horns, and snorting up a storm. The first bull says, "Son, let me give you some advice real quick. Let him have some of your cows and live to tell about it." The third bull says, "Heck, he can have ALL my cows. I'm just making sure he knows I'M a bull!"
They arrive at the club and the doorman says, “Hey, Dave! How ya doin’?” His wife is puzzled and asks if he’s been to this club before. “Oh, no,” says Dave. “He’s on my bowling team.” When they are seated, a waitress asks Dave if he’d like his usual and brings over a Budweiser. His wife is becoming increasingly uncomfortable and says, “How did she know that you drink Budweiser?” “She’s in the Ladies’ Bowling League, honey. We share lanes with them.” A stripper then comes over to their table, throws her arms around Dave, and says “Hi Davey. Want your usual lap dance, big boy?” Dave’s wife, now furious, grabs her purse and storms out of the club. Dave follows and spots her getting into a cab. Before she can slam the door, he jumps in beside her. He tries desperately to explain how the stripper must have mistaken him for someone else, but his wife is having none of it. She is screaming at him at the top of her lungs, calling him every name in the book. The cabby turns his head and says, “Looks like you picked up a real bitch tonight, Dave.”
When their car crashes, killing them both. They come to the gates of heaven and are greeted by Saint Peter. He tells them that they were both faithful in life and he welcomes them into God's Kingdom. "Wait," says the man. "We were about to be married, but we died before the ceremony. Is it possible to get a marriage in heaven?" Saint Peter thinks about it, but he can't think of an answer. He tells them to wait and he'll see what he can do. While he's gone, the couple starts thinking about how final a marriage in heaven is. After all, a marriage on Earth is 'til death do us part- but a marriage in heaven would be truly eternal. Days later, Saint Peter comes back. "It was tough," he said, "but I managed to arrange a ceremony for you two." "That's all good and fine," says the couple, "but can we a also get a prenup, just in case?" Saint Peter throws his hands up in the air in frustration and says, "It took me this long to find a priest up here, do you have any idea how long it'll take me to find a lawyer?"
An Irishman man walks into a bar in New York City. He orders three whiskeys. The bartender pours him one and says, "Lemme know when you want the next one." But the man says, "I think you've misunderstood me. I'd like all three at once." The bartender pours two more drinks. The man drinks down the three drinks, pays, and leaves. This goes on almost every night for a couple of weeks. Finally the bartender asks the man why he orders three drinks at a time, since there's no real advantage to it. So the man tells him, "When I left the auld sod I promised my two brothers that whenever I sat down to take a taste of the creature, I'd order one for me and one for each of them. That's why I order three at once." It makes sense to the bartender, so he's satisfied. The man keeps coming back almost every night for more than a year. He and the bartender get to know each other pretty well. Then one day, the man orders only two drinks. This goes on for a couple weeks, but the bartender is afraid to ask if anything happened to one of the brothers. Finally, the man comes into the bar and only orders two drinks, again. The bartender figures he has to ask, and summons up the courage to say, "I noticed you've been ordering only two drinks for the last few weeks. Is everything allright with your brothers?" The man looks at the bartender, puzzled, then realizes what he is implying. He smiles and says, "Yes! My brothers are fine, but I've given up drinking for Lent."
Two aliens landed in the Arizona desert near a gas station that was closed for the night. They approached one of the gas pumps and the younger alien addressed it saying, 'Greetings, Earthling. We come in peace. Take us to your leader.' ...The gas pump, of course, didn't respond. The younger alien became angry at the lack of response. The older alien said, 'I'd calm down if I were you.' The younger alien ignored the warning and repeated his greeting. Again, there was no response. Annoyed by what he perceived to be the pump's haughty attitude, he drew his ray gun and said impatiently, 'Greetings, Earthling. We come in peace. Do not ignore us this way! Take us to your leader or I will fire!' The older alien again warned his comrade saying, 'You probably don't want to do that! I really don't think you should make him mad.' 'Rubbish,' replied the cocky, young alien. He aimed his weapon at the pump and opened fire. There was a huge explosion. A massive fireball roared towards them and blew the younger alien off his feet and deposited him a burnt, smoking mess about 200 yards away in a cactus patch. Half an hour passed. When he finally regained consciousness, he refocused his three eyes, straightened his bent antenna, and looked dazedly at the older, wiser alien who was standing over him shaking his big, green head. 'What a ferocious creature!' exclaimed the young, fried alien. 'He damn near killed me! How did you know he was so dangerous?' The older alien leaned over, placed a friendly feeler on his crispy friend and replied, 'If there's one thing I've learned during my intergalactic travels, you don't want to mess with a guy who can wrap his penis around himself twice and then stick it in his ear.'
Jack wakes up with a huge hangover after attending his company’s party. Jack is not normally a drinker, but the drinks didn’t taste like alcohol at all. He didn’t even remember how he got home from the party… As bad as he was feeling, he wondered if he did something wrong. Jack had to force himself to open his eyes, and the first thing he sees is a couple of aspirins next to a glass of water on the side table. And, next to them, a single red rose!! Jack sits up and sees his clothing in front of him, all clean and pressed. He looks around the room and sees that it is in perfect order, spotlessly clean. So is the rest of the house. He takes the aspirins, cringes when he sees a huge black eye staring back at him in the bathroom mirror. Then he notices a note hanging on the corner of the mirror written in red with little hearts on it and a kiss mark from his wife in lipstick: “Honey, breakfast is on the stove, I left early to get groceries to make you your favorite dinner tonight. I love you, darling! Love, Jillian”. He stumbles to the kitchen and sure enough, there is hot breakfast, steaming hot coffee and the morning newspaper. His 16 year old son is also at the table, eating. Jack asks, “Son… what happened last night?” “Well, you came home after 3 A.M., drunk and out of your mind. You fell over the coffee table and broke it, and then you puked in the hallway, and got that black eye when you ran into the door.” Confused, he asked his son, “So, why is everything in such perfect order and so clean? I have a rose, and breakfast is on the table waiting for me??” His son replies, “Oh THAT… Mom dragged you to the bedroom, and when she tried to take your pants off, you screamed, “Leave me alone, I’m married!!”
...Paddy married a woman, Maggie, half his age. All was well at first until Maggie took delivery of a 'woman's magazine and began to read things about sex. It soon became clear that she had never climaxed during sex and, according to her Grandmother, all Irish women are entitled to a climax once in a while. To resolve the problem, Paddy and Maggie went to see the Veterinarian since there was no doctor within thirty miles who could be relied upon not to gossip. However, the Vet didn't have a clue about people. But he did recall during hot summers, his mother and father would fan a cow that was having difficulty breeding with a big towel. Apparently, this cooled her down and helped her to relax. So he recommended they hire a strong, young man to wave a big towel over them while they were having sex. This, the Vet said, should cause the young wife to cool down, relax and possibly achieve the sought after climax. So the couple hired a strong young man from Dublin to wave a huge bath towel over them as the Vet suggested. After many efforts, Maggie still had not climaxed so they went back to the Vet who suggested she change partners and let the young man have a go while Paddy waved the big towel. They tried it that night and Maggie went into wild, screaming, ear-splitting climaxes, one right after the other for about two and a half hours. When it was over, Paddy looked down at the exhausted young man and said loudly: "And dat, me auld son, is how ya wave a feckin' towel!"
A man and his wife were awakened at 3:00 am by a loud pounding on the door. The man gets up and goes to the door where a drunken stranger, standing in the pouring rain, is asking for a push. "Not a chance," says the husband, "it is 3:00 in the morning!" He slams the door and returns to bed. "Who was that?" asked his wife. "Just some drunk guy asking for a push," he answers. "Did you help him?" she asks. "No, I did not, it is 3:00 in the morning and it is pouring rain out there!" "Well, you have a short memory," says his wife. "Can't you remember about three months ago when we broke down, and those two guys helped us? I think you should help him, and you should be ashamed of yourself! God loves drunk people too." The man does as he is told, gets dressed, and goes out into the pounding rain. He calls out into the dark, "Hello, are you still there?" "Yes," comes back the answer. "Do you still need a push?" calls out the husband. "Yes, please!" comes the reply from the dark. "Where are you?" asks the husband. "Over here on the swing set," replied the drunk.
I never quite figured out why the sexual urge of men and women differ so much. And I never have figured out the whole Venus and Mars thing. I have never figured out why men think with their head and women with their heart. FOR EXAMPLE: One evening last week, my girlfriend and I were getting into bed. Well, the passion starts to heat up, and she eventually says “I don’t feel like it, I just want you to hold me.” I said “WHAT??!! What was that?!” So she says the words that every boyfriend on the planet dreads to hear… “You’re just not in touch with my emotional needs as a woman enough for me to satisfy your physical needs as a man”. She responded to my puzzled look by saying, “Can’t you just love me for who I am and not what I do for you in the bedroom?” Realizing that nothing was going to happen that night, I went to sleep. The very next day I opted to take the day off of work to spend time with her. We went out to a nice lunch and then went shopping at a big, big unnamed department store. I walked around with her while she tried on several different very expensive outfits. She couldn’t decide which one to take so I told her we’d just buy them all. She wanted new shoes to compliment her new clothes, so I said lets get a pair for each outfit. We went onto the jewelry department where she picked out a pair of diamond earrings. Let me tell you…she was so excited. She must have thought I was one wave short of a shipwreck. I started to think she was testing me because she asked for a tennis bracelet when she doesn’t even know how to play tennis. I think I threw her for a loop when I said, “That’s fine, honey”. She was almost nearing sexual satisfaction from all of the excitement. Smiling with excited anticipation she finally said, “I think this is all dear, let’s go to the cashier”. I could hardly contain myself when I blurted out, “No honey, I don’t feel like it”. Her face just went completely blank as her jaw dropped with a baffled "WHAT?”. I then said “honey! I just want you to HOLD this stuff for a while. You’re just not in touch with my financial needs as a man enough for me to satisfy your shopping needs as a woman.” And just when she had this look like she was going to kill me, I added, “Why can’t you just love me for who I am and not for the things I buy you?”. Apparently I’m not having sex tonight either.
My daughter asked me for a pet spider for her birthday, so I went to our local pet shop and they were £70!!! Blow this, I thought. I can get one cheaper off the web. I was at an ATM yesterday when a little old lady asked if I could check her balance, so I pushed her over. My neighbour knocked on my door at 2:30am this morning. Can you believe that, 2:30am?! Luckily for him I was still up playing my bagpipes. Paddy says, "Mick, I'm thinking of buying a Labrador . ”B*gger that!" says Mick. "Have you seen how many of their owners go blind?" I saw a poor old lady fall over today on the ice!! At least I presume she was poor - she only had £1.20 in her purse. A wife says to her husband, “You're always pushing me around and talking behind my back.” He says, “What do you expect? You're in a wheelchair.” I was explaining to my wife last night that when you die you get reincarnated, but must come back as a different creature. She said she would like to come back as a cow. I said you’re obviously not listening. Two Muslims have crashed a speedboat into the Thames barrier in London . Police think it might be the start of Ram-a-dam. Sat opposite an Indian lady on the train today, she shut her eyes and stopped breathing. I thought she was dead, until I saw the red spot on her forehead and realised she was just on standby. The wife was counting all the 1p's and 2p's out on the kitchen table when she suddenly got very angry and started shouting and crying for no reason. I thought to myself, "She's going through the change." When I was in the pub I heard a couple of plonkers saying that they wouldn't feel safe on an aircraft if they knew the pilot was a woman. What a pair of sexists. I mean, it's not as if she'd have to reverse the bloody thing! Bought some 'rocket salad' yesterday but it went off before I could eat it! Just got back from my mate's funeral. He died after being hit on the head with a tennis ball. It was a lovely service.
...and he is very disappointed in his son's lack of interest in their faith. So he decides to send his son to Israel to learn a thing or two about Judaism. When the son returns, the father asks "did you have a good trip?" "So great, Dad. I learned so much, saw some great historical landmarks, and even learned some Hebrew!" The father was quite pleased. Then the son said "and I also became a Christian!" The father, being quite distraught, decided he needed some guidance, so he goes and sees one of the elders at Synagogue. As he walks in, the elder sees the look of worry on the father's face. He says "what troubles you, my friend?" The father says "well, I sent my son off to Israel, and he came back a Christian." The elder, after hearing this shocking news, responded "Funny you should mention that. I also sent my son to Israel, and he also came back a Christian." The two men were blown away at their coincidence, and decided they should speak to the Rabbi. They walked into the Rabbi's chambers, and the Rabbi knew there was something wrong. He asked "what troubles you, my friends?" The elder spoke. "Well, you see, we both sent our sons to Israel, and both of them came back as Christians." After a pause, the Rabbi said "It's funny that you should mention that. I also sent my son to Israel, and he also came back a Christian." After a few moments, the Rabbi decided they needed to go outside and pray. The three men went into the yard, held hands, and began to pray. All of a sudden, the clouds parted, and the booming voice of God speaks to them. "What troubles you, my faithful followers?" "Well", the Rabbi began. "All three of us sent our sons to Israel, and all three of our sons came back as Christians." After a pause, God's voice continues. "Funny you should mention that...."
An Irish daughter had not been home for over 5 years. Upon her return, her father cursed her. Where have ye been all this time? Why did ye not write to us, not even a line? Why didn't ye call? Can ye not understand what ye put yer old mum thru? The girl, crying, replied, "Sniff, sniff....dad....I became a prostitute...." "Ye what!!? Out of here, ye shameless harlot! Sinner! You're a disgrace to this family." "OK, dad-- as ye wish. I just came back to give mum this luxurious fur coat, title deed to a ten bedroom mansion plus a savings certificate for $5 million." "For me little brother, this gold Rolex and for ye daddy, the sparkling new Mercedes limited edition convertible that's parked outside plus a membership to the country club....(takes a breath)....and an invitation for ye all to spend New Years' Eve on board my new yacht in the Riviera, and...." Now what was it ye said ye had become?" says dad. Girl, crying again, "Sniff, sniff....a prostitute dad! Sniff, sniff. "Oh! Be Jesus! Ye scared me half to death, girl! I thought ye said a Protestant. Come here and give yer old man a hug.
Two women had been having a friendly lunch when the subject turned to sex. "You know, John and I have been having some sexual problems," Linda told her friend. That's amazing!" Mary replied, "So have Tom and I. We're thinking of going to a sex therapist," said Linda. "Oh, we could never do that! We'd be too embarrassed!" responded Mary. "But after you go, will you please tell me how it went?" Several weeks passed and they met met for lunch again. "So, how did the sex therapy work out, Linda?" "Things couldn't be better!", Linda exclaimed. "We began with a physical exam, and afterward the doctor said he was certain he could help us. He told us to stop at the grocery store on the way home and buy a bunch of grapes and a dozen donuts. He told us to sit on the floor nude, and toss the grapes and donuts at each other. Every grape that went into my vagina, John had to get it out with his tongue. Every donut that I ringed his penis with, I had to eat. Our sex life is wonderful, in fact it's better than it's ever been!" With that endorsement, Mary talked her husband into an appointment with the same sex therapist. After the physical exams were completed the doctor called Mary and Tom into his office. "I'm afraid there is nothing I can do for you," he said. But doctor," Mary complained, "You did such good for Linda and John, surely you must have a suggestion for us! Please, please, can't you give us some help? Any help at all?" "Well, OK," the doctor answered. "On your way home, I want you to stop at the grocery store and buy a sack of apples and a box of Cheerios......"
A man in a Porsche pulls up next to him and offers him a ride. They try to fit the hippy's bike into the trunk of the man's Porche, but as it is a typical sports car, the trunk is too small for the bike. Then the man has an idea. He says to the hippy, "I have some rope in my trunk, you can tie it to your bike and I'll drive you along. If I'm going to fast, just honk the horn on your bike." The hippy agrees to go along with it and they ride a few miles down the rode. The man in the Porsche pulls up to a stop light next a man in a Lamborghini. They start revving their engine and a race is about to ensue. The light turns green and the man in the Porsche completely forgets about the hippy tied to his car and starts racing the Lamborghini. They're racing and start reaching 80, 90, 100 m.p.h. They pass a cop and when the cop calls the race in he says, "Dispatch you'll never believe what I just saw. I saw a Porsche and a Lamborghini racing down the road at 100 miles per hour, and a hippy on a bike honking his horn trying to pass them."
Bobby walks into a drug store to buy condoms but couldn't find them. He tells the pharmacist "I'm going to need a dozen condoms?". The pharmacist replies "Sure thing. Big night tonight?" With a chuckle and a smile the Bobby said "Oh yeah, I'm going to take my girlfriends virginity tonight. She's a bit too immature for me but I'm still gonna pop her cherry. Might as well wear it out before I kick her to the curb". The pharmacist shakes his head and sells the boy the condoms. Later that night, Bobby knocks on his girlfriends door and the pretty teenage girl answers. With a big hug she says, "Come, I want you to meet my family". "This is my mother and father", the young girl said. "Hello ma'am, hello sir, I was going to take your daughter to a movie and come straight back but only if I have your permission and blessing." With a big smile the girl says "Bobby, you never told me you were such a polite gentleman". Bobby sternly looked at her and said "yeah... and you never told me your dad was a pharmacist".
A professional engineer dies and because of some misfiled paperwork, ends up in hell. Trudging through the sweltering heat, eventually he comes across Satan and says, "You know, with a little work, we can probably cool this place off..." At first, Satan is enraged and prepares to unleash fury on this engineer for his insinuation, but then he thinks, you know, it is a little unseemly hot down here. So he asks the engineer what he would need to cool it down, and before you know it, six weeks later they have a working air conditioning system. Months later, many improvements have been made. One day, God's feeling particularly cocky so he calls Satan down in hell and asks, "Hey there, buddy. Hot enough for you?" to which Satan truthfully answers, "Actually, it's a nice 73 fahrenheit down here. Perfect really... And we've almost got escalators installed, making the whole toil thing really a lot easier." God's confused, and Satan fills him in on the engineer that got mistakenly sent down there. God is furious. God: "Well that won't do, you've got to send him back up right away!" Satan: "Not a chance! This guy is great." God: "I'll sue!" Satan: "Hah! Where are you going to get a lawyer?"
A man boarded an airplane and took his seat. As he settled in, he glanced up and saw the most beautiful woman he ever saw boarding the plane. He soon realized she was heading straight towards his seat. As fate would have it, she took the seat right beside his. Eager to strike up a conversation he blurted out, "Business trip or pleasure?" She turned, smiled and said, "Business." I'm going to the Annual Nymphomaniacs of America Convention in Boston." He swallowed hard. Here was the most gorgeous woman he had ever seen sitting next to him, and she was going to a meeting of nymphomaniacs. Struggling to maintain his composure, he calmly asked, "What's your business role at this convention?" "Lecturer," she responded. "I use information that I have learned from my personal experiences to debunk some of the popular myths about sexuality." "Really?" he said. "And what kind of myths are there?" " "Well", she explained, "One popular myth is that African-American men are the most well-endowed of all men, when in fact it is the Native American Indian who is most likely to possess that trait. "Another popular myth is that Frenchmen are the best lovers, when actually it is men of Jewish descent who are the best. I have also discovered that the lover with absolutely the best stamina is the Southern Redneck." Suddenly the woman became a little uncomfortable and blushed. "I'm sorry," she said, "I shouldn't really be discussing all of this with you. I don't even know your name..." "Tonto," the man said , "Tonto Goldstein, but my friends call me Bubba."
A woman meets a man in a bar. They talk; they connect; they end up leaving together. They get back to his place, and as he shows her around his apartment. She notices that one wall of his bedroom is completely filled with soft, sweet, cuddly teddy bears. There are three shelves in the bedroom, with hundreds and hundreds of cute, cuddly teddy bears carefully placed in rows, covering the entire wall! It was obvious that he had taken quite some time to lovingly arrange them and she was immediately touched by the amount of thought he had put into organizing the display. There were small bears all along the bottom shelf, medium-sized bears covering the length of the middle shelf, and huge, enormous bears running all the way along the top shelf. She found it strange for an obviously masculine guy to have such a large collection of Teddy Bears, she is quite impressed by his sensitive side but doesn't mention this to him. They share a bottle of wine and continue talking and, after a while, she finds herself thinking, 'Oh my God! Maybe, this guy could be the one! Maybe he could be the future father of my children?' She turns to him and kisses him lightly on the lips. He responds warmly. They continue to kiss, the passion builds, and he romantically lifts her in his arms and carries her into his bedroom where they rip off each others clothes and make hot, steamy love. She is so overwhelmed that she responds with more passion, more creativity, more heat than she has ever known. After an intense, explosive night of raw passion with this sensitive guy, they are lying there together in the afterglow.The woman rolls over, gently strokes his chest and asks coyly, 'Well, how was it?' The guy gently smiles at her, strokes her cheek, looks deeply into her eyes, and says: "Help yourself to any prize from the middle shelf"
Last week, a group of Illinois bikers were riding west on I-74 when they saw a girl about to jump off the Murray Baker Bridge. So they stopped. George, their leader, a big burly man of 53, gets off his Harley, walks through a group of gawkers, past the State Trooper, and says, "What are you doing?" The would-be jumper responded, "I'm going to commit suicide." While George didn't want to appear "sensitive," he didn't want to miss a legend-in-the-making opportunity either so he asked ... "Well, before you jump, why don't you give me a kiss?" So, with no hesitation at all, she leaned back over the railing and did just that ... and it was a long, deep, lingering kiss followed immediately by another one. After they finished, George gets approval from his biker-buddies, the onlookers, and even the State Trooper, and says, "Wow! That was the best kiss I have ever had! That's a real talent you're wasting Sugar Shorts. You could be famous if you rode with me. Why are you committing suicide?" "My parents don't like me dressing up like a girl." It's still unclear whether she jumped or was pushed.
The lawyer asks if she would like to play a fun game. The blonde is tired and just wants to take a nap, so she politely declines and tries to catch a few winks. The lawyer persists, that the game is a lot of fun. "I ask you a question, and if you don't know the answer, you pay me only $5; you ask me one, and if I don't know the answer, I will pay you $500." This catches the blonde's attention, and- to keep him quiet- she agrees to play the game. The lawyer asks the first question. "What's the distance from the Earth to the Moon?" The blonde doesn't say a word, reaches in to her purse, pulls out a five-dollar bill, and hands it to the lawyer. Now, it's the blonde's turn. She asks the lawyer, "What goes up a hill with three legs, and comes down with four?" The lawyer uses his laptop, searches all references. He uses the Airphone; he searches the Net and even the Library of Congress. He sends e-mails to all the smart friends he knows, all to no avail. After one hour of searching he finally gives up. He wakes up the blonde and hands her $500. The blonde takes the $500 and goes back to sleep. The lawyer is going nuts not knowing the answer. He wakes her up and asks, "Well, so what goes up a hill with three legs and comes down with four?" The blonde reaches into her purse, hands the lawyer $5 and goes back to sleep.
3 guys, who were brothers, were all discussing what gifts they were getting for their elderly mother for her birthday. The first brother, named Michael, said, "I bought mom her very own Lexus and chauffeur. She was always complaining about not being able to drive well." Jeremy, the second brother, said,"Well I bought mom a penthouse apartment. She always complains about the house she lives in." Lucas, the third brother, said, "Since mom always complains about not being able to read her bible well due to her poor vision, I bought a parrot that can recite bible verses perfectly!" 3 weeks later, the boys receive a letter from their mother. It read:     "To my 3 dear boys: Thank you for all your nice gifts. However, I couldn't use the car that Michael gave me because I'm too old to go out anymore and the chauffeur is mean. The new penthouse is nice, but it is too big for me to clean each day and I'm only ever in the bedroom. But Lucas, you did a fine job in choosing a gift. The chicken was delicious."
Two Mexicans are stuck in the desert after crossing into the United States , wandering aimlessly and starving. They are about to just lie down and wait for death, when all of a sudden Luis says......... "Hey Pepe, do you smell what I smell. Ees bacon, I theenk." "Si, Luis, eet sure smells like bacon." With renewed hope they struggle up the next sand dune, & there, in the distance, is a tree loaded with bacon. There's raw bacon, there's fried bacon, back bacon, double smoked bacon .. every imaginable kind of cured pork. "Pepe, Pepe, we ees saved. Ees a bacon tree." "Luis, maybe ees a meerage ? We ees in the desert don't forget." "Pepe, since when deed you ever hear of a meerage that smell like bacon...ees no meerage, ees a bacon tree." And with that, Luis staggers towards the tree. He gets to within 5 metres, Pepe crawling close behind, when suddenly a machine gun opens up, and Luis drops like a wet sock. Mortally wounded, he warns Pepe with his dying breath, "Pepe... go back man, you was right, ees not a bacon tree !" "Luis, Luis mi amigo... what ees it ? " "Pepe.. ees not a bacon tree. Ees Ees Ees Ees Ees a ham bush...."
Four guys have been going to the same fishing trip for many years. Two days before the group is to leave, Ron's wife puts her foot down and tells him he isn't going. Ron's mates are very upset that he can't go, but what can they do. Two days later the three mates get to the camping site only to find Ron sitting there with a tent set up, firewood gathered, and dinner cooking on the fire. "Shit Ron, how long you been here? How did you talk your missus into letting you go?" "Well, I've been here since last night. After dinner at home yesterday evening, I was sitting in my chair and my wife came up behind me and put her hands over my eyes and said, 'Guess who?' I pulled her hands off, and she was wearing sexy brand new lingerie. She said she had been reading 'Fifty Shades of Grey' and she had a devilish look in her eyes!!! She took my hand and led me to our bedroom. The room had candles and rose petals all over. On the bed she had handcuffs, and ropes! She told me to tie her up and cuff her to the bed, so I did. And then she said, 'Do whatever you want.' So . . . . here I am!"
another man walks up to him and says "Excuse me mate, I just wondered how come you've got an orange for a head?" The man with an orange for a head says "We'll, it's quite a story, if you buy me a pint, I'll tell you." So the man buys 2 pints and they settle down at the bar. "A few years ago I was travelling around North Africa and the Middle East." says the man with an orange for a head, "and I found myself in this little secluded back street bazaar. I was looking at the wares on offer when I saw an old fashioned oil burning lamp. It was a little dirty so I gave it a rub, and to my surprise a genie came out. "You may have 3 wishes, anything that your heart desires." said the genie. Well, I was quite taken aback, let me tell you." "So what did you do?" asked the man in the bar. "Well, the first thing I wished for was £20,000,000,000 in my bank account." "And what happened?" "I gave the stall holder a few coins, took the lamp and rushed to the nearest bank, found a cash machine, put my card in, and couldn't believe it. My balance didn't even fit on the screen it was so big. Since then I've bought the finest cars, beautiful houses, I've even got a castle. I can afford anything, it's amazing." "Wow, unbelievable!" Exclaimed the man in the bar "What did you wish for second?" "Second I wished for a harem of beautiful and willing women." "And what happened?" "Amazing, let me tell you. In each of my houses, and in my castle, are the most beautiful women. They are so eager to please me anytime, day or night. They do things I've never even dreamed of. Brilliant." "Ok, that sounds pretty great" says the man in the bar "what did you wish for third?" "Third I wished I had an orange for a head."
A grandfather was taking his grandson fishing one day. While driving to the lake the grandfather grabbed a beer out of the cooler and popped the top. Grandson: "Grandpa, grandpa, can I have a drink of your beer?" Grandpa: "Well, let me ask you a question first. If you pull your pecker down is it long enough to touch your asshole?" Grandson: "No sir" Grandpa: "Well you can't have any of grandpa's beer until your old enough that it will." A little while later, grandpa takes out a cigar and lights it up. Grandson: "Grandpa, grandpa, can I taste your cigar?" Grandpa: "Well, i'll ask you again. If you pull your pecker down is it long enough to touch your asshole?" Grandson: "No sir" Grandpa: "Like I said before, you can't have any of grandpa's cigar either until you are old enough that it will." A few miles later, the grandson reaches in his pocket and pulls out some cookies in a ziplock baggie. Grandpa: "Hey boy, are those some of your grandma's home baked cookies?" Grandson: "Yes sir" Grandpa: "I sure love grandma's cookies, let me have a couple of those, grandpa sure is hungry." Grandson: "If you pull your pecker down will it touch your asshole?" Grandpa: "It sure does" Grandson: "Good, because you can go fuck yourself, these are my cookies."
One day, a young man takes a trip out West and comes across a little Native American village. He decides, what the heck, he'll stop and look around. One of the Native women, seeing that he's not from around, tells the man he should visit the Chief, who she says has the longest and best memory in the world. So the man decides to go visit the Chief and asks: "So I hear you have the greatest memory in the world." The Chief answers "I do. I can remember every single detail of my entire life." The man figures he should test this, and asks the Chief "What did you have for breakfast on April the 27th, 1959?" After stopping to think for a second, the chief answers "two eggs." Satisfied, the man says goodbye to the Chief and eventually leaves the village. Twenty years later, the man takes another trip out West and comes across the same village. He's amazed when he notices the Chief, still alive after all these years. The man, stops and says hello, so he raises his hand and says, "How" and the Chief replies "fried."
A woman brought a very limp duck into a veterinary surgeon. As she laid her pet on the table, the vet pulled out his stethoscope and listened to the bird's chest. After a moment or two, the vet shook his head and sadly said, "I'm sorry, your duck, Cuddles, has passed away." The distressed woman wailed, "Are you sure?" "Yes, I am sure. Your duck is dead," replied the vet.. "How can you be so sure?" she protested. "I mean you haven't done any testing on him or anything. He might just be in a coma or something." The vet rolled his eyes, turned around and left the room. He returned a few minutes later with a black Labrador Retriever. As the duck's owner looked on in amazement, the dog stood on his hind legs, put his front paws on the examination table and sniffed the duck from top to bottom. He then looked up at the vet with sad eyes and shook his head. The vet patted the dog on the head and took it out of the room. A few minutes later he returned with a cat. The cat jumped on the table and also delicately sniffed the bird from head to foot. The cat sat back on its haunches, shook its head, meowed softly and strolled out of the room. The vet looked at the woman and said, "I'm sorry, but as I said, this is most definitely, 100% certifiably, a dead duck." The vet turned to his computer terminal, hit a few keys and produced a bill, which he handed to the woman. The duck's owner, still in shock, took the bill. "$150!" she cried, "$150 just to tell me my duck is dead!" The vet shrugged, "I'm sorry. If you had just taken my word for it, the bill would have been $20, but with the Lab Report and the Cat Scan, it's now $150."
A woman goes to her boyfriend's parents' house for dinner. This is to be her first time meeting the family and she is very nervous. They all sit down and begin eating a fine meal. The woman is beginning to feel a little discomfort, thanks to her nervousness and the broccoli casserole. The gas pains are almost making her eyes water. Left with no other choice, she decides to relieve herself a bit ...and lets out a dainty fart. It wasn't loud, but everyone at the table heard the pouf. Before she even had a chance to be embarrassed, her boyfriend's father looked over at the dog that had been snoozing at the woman's feet and said in a rather stern voice, "Skippy!". The woman thought, "This is great!" and a big smile came across her face. A couple of minutes later, she was beginning to feel the pain again. This time, she didn't even hesitate. She let a much louder and longer fart rip. The father again looked and the dog and yelled, "Dammit Skippy!" Once again the woman smiled and thought "Yes!". A few minutes later the woman had to let another one rip. This time she didn't even think about it. She ripped a fart that rivaled a train whistle blowing! Once again, the father looked at the dog with disgust and yelled, "Dammit Skippy, get away from her before she shits on you!"
Morris and his wife Esther went to the state fair every year, and every year Morris would say, "Esther, I'd like to ride in that airplane." Esther always replied, "I know, Morris, but that airplane ride costs fifty dollars, and fifty dollars is fifty dollars." One year Morris and Esther went to the fair, and Morris said, "Esther, I'm eighty-five years old. If I don't ride that airplane, I might never get another chance." Esther replied, "Morris, that airplane ride costs fifty dollars, and fifty dollars is fifty dollars." The pilot overheard them and said, "Folks, I'll make you a deal. I'll take you both up for a ride. If you can stay quiet for the entire ride and not say one word, I won't charge you; but if you say one word, it's fifty dollars." Morris and Esther agreed, and up they went. The pilot did all kinds of twists and turns, rolls and dives, but not a word was spoken. He did all his tricks over again but still not a word. When they landed, the pilot turned to Morris and said, "My, my, I did everything I could think of to get you to yell out, but you didn't." Morris replied, "Well, I was gonna say something when Esther fell out, but fifty dollars is fifty dollars."
You ever heard the phrase, "May the force be with ya’ll." Your Jedi robe is camouflage. You have ever used your light saber to open a bottle of Bud Light. At least one wing of your X-Wings is primer colored. You can easily describe the taste of an Ewok. You have ever had a land-speeder up on blocks in your yard. The worst part of spending time on Dagobah is the dadgum skeeters. Wookies are offended by your B.O. You have ever used the Force to get yourself another beer so you didn’t have to wait for a commercial. You have ever used the Force in conjunction with fishing/bowling. Your father has ever said to you, "Shoot, son come on over to the dark side… it’ll be a hoot." You have ever had your R-2 unit use its self-defense electro-shock thingy to get the barbecue grill to light. You have a Confederate flag painted on the hood of your land-speeder. You have the doors of your X-wing welded shut and you have to get in through the window. Although you had to kill him, you kinda thought that Jabba the Hutt had a pretty good handle on how to treat his women. You have a cousin who bears a strong resemblance to Chewbacca. You were the only one drinking Jack Daniels during the cantina scene. Your business cards read "Billy Bob, Jedi Master". You know Ewoks squeal like pigs. You use your R-2 unit as a beer coaster. Your land-speeder had a light saber rack. If you hear … "Billy Bob, I am your father … AND your uncle!"
A man in London walked into the produce section of his local Tesco supermarket and asked to buy half a head of cabbage. The boy working in that department told him that they only sold whole heads of cabbage. The man was insistent that the boy ask the manager about the matter. Walking into the back room, the boy said to the manager, "Some old bastard wants to buy a half a head of cabbage." As he finished his sentence, he turned around to find that the man was standing right behind him, so he quickly added, "and this gentleman kindly offered to buy the other half." The manager approved the deal and the man went on his way. Later, the manager said to the boy, "I was impressed with the way you got yourself out of that situation earlier, we like people who can think on their feet here, where are you from son?" "New Zealand, Sir" the boy replied. "Why did you leave New Zealand ?" the manager asked. The boy said, "Sir, there's nothing but prostitutes and rugby players there. "Is that right?" replied the manager," My wife is from New Zealand !" "Really?" replied the boy, "Who did she play for?"
Such number as may be deemed necessary to perform the stated task in a timely and efficient manner within the strictures of the following agreement: Whereas the party of the first part, also known as "Lawyer", and the party of the second part, also known as "Light Bulb", do hereby and forthwith agree to a transaction wherein the party of the second part (Light Bulb) shall be removed from the current position as a result of failure to perform previously agreed upon duties, i. e., the lighting, elucidation, and otherwise illumination of the area ranging from the front (north) door, through the entryway, terminating at an area just inside the primary living area, demarcated by the beginning of the carpet, any spillover illumination being at the option of the party of the second part (Light Bulb) and not required by the aforementioned agreement between the parties. The aforementioned removal transaction shall include, but not be limited to, the following steps: 1.) The party of the first part (Lawyer) shall, with or without elevation at his option, by means of a chair, stepstool, ladder or any other means of elevation, grasp the party of the second part (Light Bulb) and rotate the party of the second part (Light Bulb) in a counter-clockwise direction, this point being non-negotiable. 2.) Upon reaching a point where the party of the second part (Light Bulb) becomes separated from the party of the third part ("Receptacle"), the party of the first part (Lawyer) shall have the option of disposing of the party of the second part (Light Bulb) in a manner consistent with all applicable state, local and federal statutes. 3.) Once separation and disposal have been achieved, the party of the first part (Lawyer) shall have the option of beginning installation of the party of the fourth part ("New Light Bulb"). This installation shall occur in a manner consistent with the reverse of the procedures described in step one of this self-same document, being careful to note that the rotation should occur in a clockwise direction, this point also being non-negotiable. Note: The above described steps may be performed, at the option of the party of the first part (Lawyer), by any or all persons authorized by him, the objective being to produce the most possible revenue for the party of the fifth part, also known as "Partnership."
Once upon a time there lived a beautiful Queen with large breasts. Nick the Dragon Slayer obsessed over the Queen for this reason. He knew that the penalty for his desire would be death should he try to touch them, but he had to try. One day Nick revealed his secret desire to his colleague, Horatio the Physician, the King's chief doctor. Horatio thought about this and said that he could arrange for Nick to more than satisfy his desire, but it would cost him 1000 gold coins to arrange it. Without pause, Nick readily agreed to the scheme. The next day, Horatio made a batch of itching powder and poured a little bit into the Queen's bra while she bathed. Soon after she dressed, the itching commenced and grew intense. Upon being summoned to the Royal Chambers to address this incident, Horatio informed the King and Queen that only a special saliva, if applied for four hours, would cure this type of itch, and that tests had shown that, among all of the citizens of the kingdom, only the saliva of Nick would work as the antidote to cure the itch. The King, eager to help his Queen, quickly summoned Nick to their chambers. Horatio then slipped Nick the antidote for the itching powder, which he put into his mouth, and for the next four hours, Nick worked passionately on the Queen's large and magnificent breasts. The Queen's itching was eventually relieved, and Nick left satisfied and was hailed by the King and Queen as a hero. Upon returning to his chamber, Nick found Horatio demanding his payment of 1000 gold coins. With his obsession now satisfied, Nick couldn't have cared less knowing that Horatio could never report this matter to the King and with a laugh told him to get lost. The next day, Horatio slipped a massive dose of the same itching powder into the King's underwear. The King immediately summoned Nick . . . The moral of the story - Pay your bills.
......in midair the flight attendant announces that they've lost an engine and have to dump the luggage and anything extra to keep them upright. After a few minutes the pilot comes on the intercom to say that the dumping of luggage didn't work and that they're going to dump passengers. He then adds, 'don't worry, we're going to fly low and there will be life boats below that will pick you up; you'll be fine!' The flight attendant then takes over and says, "If you all could cooperate, we're going to go alphabetically by race. When I call your race just raise your hand and someone will escort you to the door. So first up is African Americans. All African Americans please raise your hand." The black boy goes to raise his hand and the father whispers, "put your hand down." After a few minutes the flight attendant comes back on and says, "Okay, next up is blacks. All black people please raise your hand." Again the boy goes to put his hand up and the father leans over and whispers, "Put your hand down." The boy reluctantly puts his hand down. After a few minutes the flight attendant comes on once again and says, "okay, colored people. All colored people please raise your hands." Again, the boy goes to raise his hand. The father very slowly leans over and whispers, "Put. Your. Hand. Down." The boy looks at his father and says, "I don't get. We're African Americans; We're black; We're colored, why aren't we raising our hands?" The father looks at his son and says, "Because today we're niggers and the mexicans are going first."
A man calls a company and orders their 5-day, 10 lb. weight loss program. The next day, there’s a knock on the door and there stands before him a voluptuous, athletic, 19 year old babe dressed in nothing but a pair of Nike running shoes and a sign around her neck. She introduces herself as a representative of the weight loss company. The sign reads, “If you can catch me, you can have me.” Without a second thought, he takes off after her. A few miles later huffing and puffing, he finally gives up. The same girl shows up for the next four days and the same thing happens. On the fifth day, he weighs himself and is delighted to find he has lost 10 lbs. as promised. He calls the company and orders their 5-day/20 pound program. The next day there’s a knock at the door and there stands the most stunning and beautiful woman he has ever seen in his life. She is wearing nothing but Reebok running shoes and a sign around her neck that reads, “If you catch me you can have me.” Well, he’s out the door after her like a shot. This girl is in excellent shape and he does his best, but no such luck. So for the next four days, the same routine happens with him gradually getting in better and better shape. Much to his delight on the fifth day when he weighs himself, he discovers that he has lost another 20 lbs. as promised. He decides to go for broke and calls the company to order the 7-day/50 pound program. “Are you sure?” asks the representative on the phone. “This is our most rigorous program.” “Absolutely,” he replies, “I haven’t felt this good in years.” The next day there’s a knock at the door; and when he opens it he finds a huge muscular guy standing there wearing nothing but pink running shoes and a sign around his neck that reads, “If I catch you, you are mine!!!” He lost 63 pounds that week.
An out-of-work actor gets a call from his agent one day. "I’ve got you a job," says his agent. "That’s great," says the actor, what is it?" "Well," says his agent, "it’s a one-liner" "That’s okay," replies the actor, "I’ve been out of work for so long I’ll take anything. What’s the line?" "Hark, I hear the cannons roar" says the agent. "I love it" says the actor "When’s the audition?" "Wednesday" says the agent. Wednesday comes and the actor arrives at the audition. He marches on stage and shouts: "Hark, I hear the cannons roar". "Brilliant," says the director, "you’ve got the job. Be here 9 o’clock Saturday evening." The actor is so happy he got the job that he goes on a major bender. He wakes up at 8:30 Saturday evening and runs to the theatre continually repeating his line; "Hark, I hear the cannons roar, hark, I hear the cannons roar, hark, I hear the cannons roar." He arrives at the stage entrance, out of breath and is stopped by the guard. "Who the hell are you?" asks the guard. "I’m "hark, I hear the cannons roar." "If you’re "hark I hear the cannons roar", you’re late. Get up to makeup right now!" So he runs up to makeup. "Who the hell are you" asks the makeup girl. "I’m "hark I hear the cannons roar."" "If you’re hark I hear the cannons roar", you’re late. Sit down here." And she applies the makeup. "Now quick, get down to the stage, you’re about to go on." He dashes down to the stage. "Who the hell are you?" asks the stage manager. "I’m "hark, I hear the cannons roar."" "You’re "hark, I hear the cannons roar?" Get out there, the curtain’s about to go up." He tears onto the stage. The curtains rise, the house is full. Suddenly there is an almighty bang behind him, and the actor shouts "WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT?"
She doesn't know which one to get, so she just picks one and goes over to the counter. The salesman is standing there, wearing dark shades. She says, "Excuse me. Can you tell me anything about this rod and reel?" He says, "Madam, I'm completely blind; but if you'll drop it on the counter, I can tell you everything you need to know about it from the sound it makes." She doesn't believe him but drops it on the counter anyway. He says, "That's a six-foot Shakespeare graphite rod with a Zebco 404 reel and 10-lb..Test line. It's a good all around combination, and it's actually on sale this week for $44." She says, "That's amazing that you can tell all that, just by the sound of it dropping on the counter. I'll take it!" As she opens her purse, her credit card drops on the floor. "Oh, that sounds like a Visa card," he says. As the lady bends down to pick up the card, she accidentally farts.. At first she's really embarrassed, but then realises there is no way the blind salesman would tell exactly who had farted. The man rings up the sale and says, "That'll be $58.50 please." The woman is totally confused by this and asks, "Didn't you tell me it was on sale for $44. How did you get $58.50?" "The Duck Caller is $11, and the Fish Bait is $3.50."
Vet Friend of mine just sent this: Robert , 85, married Jenny, a lovely 25 year old . . .Since her new husband is so old, Jenny decides that after their wedding she and Robert should have separate bedrooms, because she is concerned that her new but aged husband may over-exert himself if they spend the entire night together. After the wedding festivities Jenny prepares herself for bed and the expected knock on the door. Sure enough the knock comes, the door opens and there is Robert, her 85 year old groom, ready for action. They unite as one. All goes well, Robert takes leave of his bride, and she prepares to go to sleep. After a few minutes, Jenny hears another knock on her bedroom door, and it's Robert, Again he is ready for more 'action'. Somewhat surprised, Jenny consents for more coupling. When the newly weds are done, Robert kisses his bride, bids her a fond good night and leaves. She is set to go to sleep again, but, aha, you guessed it Robert is back again, rapping on the door and is as fresh as a 25 - year - old, ready for more 'action'. And, once more they enjoy each other. But as Robert gets set to leave again, his young bride says to him, 'I am thoroughly impressed that at your age you can perform so well and so often. I have been with guys less than a third of your age who were only good once. You are truly a great lover, Robert.' Robert, somewhat embarrassed, turns to Jenny and says: 'You mean I was here already?'
The Navy found they had too many officers and decided to offer an early retirement bonus. They promised any officer who volunteered for Retirement a bonus of $1,000 for every inch measured in a straight line between any two points of his body. The officer got to choose what those two points would be. The first officer who accepted asked that he be measured from the top of his head to the tip of his toes. He was measured at six feet and walked out with a bonus of $72,000. The second officer who accepted was a little smarter and asked to be measured from the tip of his outstretched hands to his toes. He walked out with $96,000. The third one was a non-commissioned officer, a grizzly old Chief who, when asked where he would like to be measured replied,'From the tip of my weenie to my testicles.' It was suggested by the pension man that he might want to reconsider, explaining about the nice big checks the previous two Officers had received. But the old Chief insisted and they decided to go along with him providing the measurement was taken by a Medical Officer. The Medical Officer arrived and instructed the Chief to 'drop em,' which he did. The medical officer placed the tape measure on the tip of the Chief's weenie and began to work back. "Dear Lord!", he suddenly exclaimed, ''Where are your testicles?'' The old Chief calmly replied, ''Vietnam''.
They are always getting into trouble and their parents know if any mischief occurs in their town, the two boys are probably involved. The boys' mother heard that a preacher in town had been successful in disciplining children, so she asked if he would speak with her boys. The preacher agreed, but he asked to see them individually. The mother sent the 6 year old in the morning, with the older boy to see the preacher in the afternoon. The preacher, a huge man with a deep booming voice, sat the younger boy down and asked him sternly, "Do you know where God is, son?" The boy's mouth dropped open, but he made no response, sitting there wide-eyed with his mouth hanging open. So the preacher repeated the question in an even sterner tone, "Where is God?! Again, the boy made no attempt to answer. The preacher raised his voice even more and shook his finger in the boy's face and bellowed, "WHERE IS GOD?!" The boy screamed & bolted from the room, ran directly home & dove into his closet, slamming the door behind him. When his older brother found him in the closet, he asked, "What happened?" The younger brother, gasping for breath, replied, "We are in BIG trouble this time!" "GOD is missing, and they think WE did it!"
A woman takes a lover home during the day while her husband is at work. Her 9-year old son comes home unexpectedly, sees them and hides in the bedroom closet to watch. The woman's husband also comes home. She puts her lover in the closet, not realizing that the little boy is in there already. The little boy says, "Dark in here." The man says, "Yes, it is." Boy: "I have a baseball." Man: "That's nice" Boy: "Want to buy it?" Man: "No, thanks." Boy: "My Dad's outside." Man: "OK, how much?" Boy: "$250" In the next few weeks, it happens again that the boy and the lover are in the closet together. Boy: "Dark in here." Man: "Yes, it is." Boy: "I have a baseball glove." The lover, remembering the last time, asks the boy, "How much?" Boy: "$ 750" Man: "Sold." A few days later, the Dad says to the boy, "Grab your glove, let's go outside and have a game of catch." The boy says, "I can't, I sold my baseball and my glove." The Dad asks, "How much did you sell them for?" Boy: "$1,000" The Dad says, "That's terrible to over charge your friends like that...that is way more than those two things cost. I'm taking you to church, to confession." They go to the church and the Dad makes the little boy sit in the confessional booth and closes the door. The boy says, "Dark in here." The priest says, "Don't start that again; you're in my closet now."
In a crowded city at a busy bus stop, a woman who was waiting for a bus was wearing a tight leather skirt. As the bus stopped and it was her turn to get on, she became aware that her skirt was too tight to allow her leg to come up to the height of the first step of the bus. Slightly embarrassed and with a quick smile to the bus driver, she reached behind her to unzip her skirt a little, thinking that this would give her enough slack to raise her leg. Again, she tried to make the step only to discover she still couldn't. So, a little more embarrassed, she once again reached behind her to unzip her skirt a little more. For the second time, attempted the step, and, once again, and much to her chagrin, she could not raise her leg. With a little smile to the driver, she again reached behind to unzip a little more and again was unable to make the step. About this time, a large Texan who was standing behind her picked her up easily by the waist and placed her gently on the step of the bus. She went ballistic and turned to the would-be good samaritan and screeched, "How dare you touch my body?! I don't even know who you are!' The Texan smiled and drawled, "Well, ma'am, normally I would agree with you, but after you unzipped my fly three times, I kinda figured we was friends."
Her 9-year-old son comes home unexpectedly, sees them, and hides in the bedroom closet to watch. The Woman's husband also comes home unexpectedly. She puts her lover in the closet, not realizing that the little boy is in there already. The little boy says, "Dark in here." The man says, "Yes, it is." Boy: "I have a baseball..." Man: "That's nice." Boy: "Want to buy it?" Man: "No thanks." Boy: "My Dad is outside..." Man: "OK, how much?" Boy: "$250" In the next few weeks, it happens agin that the boy and the lover are in the closet together. Boy: "Dark in here." Man: "Yes, it is." Boy: "I have a baseball glove." The lover, remembering the last time, asks the boy, "How much?" Boy: "$750" Man: "Sold." A few days later, the Dad says to the boy, "Grab your glove, lets go outside and have a game of catch." The boy says, "I can't, I sold my baseball and my glove." The Dad asks, "How much did you sell them for?" Boy: "$1000" The Dad says, "Thats terrible to over charge your friends like that... that is way more than those two things cost. I'm taking you to church, to confession." They go to the church and the Dad makes the little boy sit in the confession booth and closes the little door.. The boy says, "Dark in here." The Priest says, "Don't start that shit again, you're in my closet now!"
At dawn the telephone rings, "Hello, Señor Bob? This is Ernesto, the caretaker at your country house." "Ah yes, Ernesto. What can I do for you? Is there a problem?" "Um, I am just calling to advise you, Señor Bob, that your parrot, he is dead". "My parrot? Dead? The one that won the International competition?" "Si, Señor, that's the one." "Damn! That's a pity! I spent a small fortune on that bird. What did he die from?" "From eating the rotten meat, Señor Bob." "Rotten meat? Who the hell fed him rotten meat?" "Nobody, Señor. He ate the meat of the dead horse." "Dead horse? What dead horse?" "The thoroughbred, Señor Bob .." "My prize thoroughbred is dead?" "Yes, Señor Bob, he died from all that work pulling the water cart." "Are you insane? What water cart?" "The one we used to put out the fire, Señor." "Good Lord! What fire are you talking about, man?" "The one at your house, Señor! A candle fell and the curtains caught on fire." "What the hell? Are you saying that my mansion is destroyed because of a candle?!" "Yes, Señor Bob." "But there's electricity at the house! What was the candle for?" "For the funeral, Señor Bob .." "WHAT BLOODY FUNERAL??!!" "Your wife's, Señor Bob. She showed up very late one night and I thought she was a thief, so I hit her with your new Ping G15 204g titanium head golf club with the TFC 149D graphite shaft." SILENCE........... LONG SILENCE......... VERY LONG SILENCE............ "Ernesto, if you broke that driver, you're in deep shit."
So this guy is out in the woods, hunting bear. He spies a bear passing by a brush. Sitting, he focuses his gun. The bear vanishes. A couple minutes later he feels a tap on his shoulder. Turning he sees the bear. "The way I see it" the bear says "is that you could pull down your pants and let me fuck you...or I'll tear you apart and eat you while you're still alive enough to watch me." The man turned around, pulled down his pants, and the bear had his way with him. The next day the man was pissed. He took his gun and limped off back into the woods, determined the find the bear. Shortly after arriving, he spied the bear near a brook. He took aim and, before he could shoot, the bear vanished behind a clump of trees. A few moments later...tap tap tap. The man turned and saw the bear behind him again. "The way I see it" the bear says "is that you could pull down your pants and let me fuck you...or I'll tear you apart and eat you while you're still alive enough to watch me." The man unbuckled his pants, turned and the bear took him again. The next morning the man was pissed. He spent the night rubbing tucks pads on his ass, he had to use one of his wife's maxipads in his tightie whities. He took every gun in the house and headed into the woods before sun rise. This would be the day that he had his revenge. He rigged wires to trap the bear, set bear traps in every location he could think. He set them with steak and chicken. As the sun came up, he found a spot where he would see if the bear came around. Soon, he saw his foe. Taking aim with his gun, he almost had a perfect shot. Almost...and then the bear vanished. Moments later...tap tap tap.
A bush-pilot drops Bob and Ted, two moose hunters, at a remote lake in Northern Ontario. He tells them that he’ll be back in a week, and warns them that his plane won’t be able to take off with more than one moose. The next week he returns, and sure enough the hunters have bagged two moose. The pilot tells them there’s no way they can take off with the two moose. Ted says, “I don’t know, the pilot last year took off with two moose.” To which Bob adds, “Yeah, but maybe he wasn’t a total pussy!” Not wanting to be outdone, the pilot loads up everything and they start to move down the lake. The plane is gathering speed, but the pines on the shore are rapidly approaching. Finally the plane gets airborne, but one wing clips the top of a tree. The plane spins, crashes into the trees, and breaks apart. Sometime later Ted regains consciousness and begins searching for his buddy. He finds him, and when he wakes him up Bob asks, “Do you have any idea where we are?” Ted replies, “I think about 200 yards further than last year.”
Cinderella is now 95 years old. After a fulfilling life with the now dead prince, she happily sits upon her rocking chair, watching the world go by from her front porch, with a cat named Bob for companionship. One sunny afternoon out of nowhere, appeared the fairy godmother. Cinderella said, "Fairy Godmother, what are you doing here after all these years"? The fairy godmother replied, "Cinderella, you have lived an exemplary life since I last saw you. Is there anything for which your heart still yearns?" Cinderella was taken aback, overjoyed, and after some thoughtful consideration, she uttered her first wish: "The prince was wonderful, but not much of an investor. I'm living hand to mouth on my disability checks and I wish I were wealthy beyond comprehension. Instantly her rocking chair turned into solid gold Cinderella said, "Ooh, thank you, Fairy Godmother". The fairy godmother replied "it is the least that I can do. What do you want for your second wish?" Cinderella looked down at her frail body, and said, "I wish I were young and full of the beauty and youth I once had." At once, her wish became reality, and her beautiful young visage returned. Cinderella felt stirrings inside of her that had been dormant for years. And then the fairy godmother spoke once more: "You have one more wish; what shall it be?" Cinderella looks over to the frightened cat in the corner and says, "I wish for you to transform Bob, my old cat, into a kind and handsome young man." Magically, Bob suddenly underwent so fundamental a change in his biological make-up that, when he stood before her, he was a man so beautiful the likes of him neither she nor the world had ever seen. The fairy godmother said, "Congratulations, Cinderella, enjoy your new life. With a blazing shock of bright blue electricity, the fairy godmother was gone as suddenly as she appeared. For a few eerie moments, Bob and Cinderella looked into each other's eyes. Cinderella sat, breathless, gazing at the most beautiful, stunningly perfect man she had ever seen. Then Bob walked over to Cinderella, who sat transfixed in her rocking chair, & held her close in his young muscular arms. He leaned in close, blowing her golden hair with his warm breath as he whispered.......... "Bet you're sorry you neutered me."
A woman walks into the doctors office. She says she wants a child, but doesnt want to have sex. The doctor says ok and asks what kind of child she wants. The woman said she wanted a smart and handsome kid. The doctor then hands her a blue pill. A few months later, the woman comes back and says she has had a miscarriage but still wants a child. The doctor says ok and asks what kind of kid she wants. The woman said she will have a regular kid this time. The doctor then hands her a red pill. Even more months later, the woman returns and says shes had a miscarriage but still wants a kid. The doctor says ok and asks what kind of kid she will want. She says since the other ones did not work out she will have a ugly, stupid kid. The doctor says ok and hands her a pill. *At this point the joke teller asks the victim what color they think the pill is. *The response will most likely be "I don't know, what?" *The joke teller then says "I don't know, try asking your mother." Immaturity at its best.
A man is walking home alone late one foggy night... when behind him, he hears Bump... BUMP... BUMP... Walking faster, he looks back and through the fog he makes out the image of an upright casket banging its way down the middle of the street toward him. BUMP... BUMP... BUMP... Terrified, the man sprints toward his home, the casket bouncing quickly behind him FASTER... FASTER... BUMP... BUMP... BUMP... He runs up to his door, fumbles with his keys, opens the door, rushes in and slams and locks the door behind him. However, the casket crashes through his door, with the lid of the casket clapping-clappity-BUMP... clappity-BUMP... clappity-BUMP... on his heels, the terrified man runs. Rushing upstairs to the bathroom, the man locks himself in. His heart is pounding; his head is reeling; his breath is coming in sobbing gasps. With a loud CRASH the casket breaks down the door. Bumping and clapping toward him. The man screams and reaches for something, anything, but all he can find is a bottle of cough syrup! Desperate, he throws the cough syrup at the casket... and....... The coffin stops
An extremely modest man was in the hospital for a series of tests, the last of which had left his bodily systems extremely upset. Upon making several false alarm trips to the bathroom, he decided the latest episode was another and stayed put. He suddenly filled his bed with diarrhea and was embarrassed beyond his ability to remain rational. In a complete loss of composure he jumped out of bed, gathered up the bed sheets, and threw them out the hospital window. A drunk was walking by the hospital when the sheets landed on him. He started yelling, cursing, and swinging his arms violently trying to get the unknown things off, and ended up with the soiled sheets in a tangled pile at his feet. As the drunk stood there, unsteady on his feet, staring down at the sheets, a hospital security guard, (barely containing his laughter), and who had watched the whole incident, walked up and asked, "What the heck is going on here?" The drunk, still staring down replied: "I think I just beat the shit out of a ghost."
What's the difference between an elephant and a plum? The color What did Jane say to Tarzan when the elephants were coming? The elephants are coming What did Tarzan say to Jane when the Elephants were coming? The Plums are coming (He was color blind) How do you kill a Blue elephant? With a blue elephant gun. How do you kill a purple elephant? no, that's a plum How do you kill a red elephant? Hold it's Trunk until it turns blue and shoot it with the blue elephant gun. How many elephants can you fit into a nissan sentra? 5, 2 in the front three in the back. How can you tell there's an elephant in the fridge? His footprints are in the peanut butter How can you tell when there are two elephants in your fridge? they giggle when the light goes off How can you tell when there are three elephants in your fridge? you can't close the door so easily. How can you tell when there are four elephants in your fridge? I don't know How can you tell when there are five elephants in your fridge? There's an empty nissan sentra parked outside. Why do elephants wear springs on their feet? So they can jump in the trees and rape the monkeys. What's the most terrifying noise a monkey can hear? Boing Boing.. ... I sadly have way more of these. Edit 1: no changes. Just wanted to thank everyone here for having the same weird sense of humor that made my family get me tested for learning disabilities.
There is this guy who has a 25 inch dick. He goes to a witch in the woods and asks her if she can make his dick smaller because he just can't please the ladies because it is just too big, he hasn't found a lady yet who likes it and he can't get any pleasure. She tells him to go into the woods and he will find a frog when he finds the frog he is to ask it to marry him. If the frog says no, his cock will shrink 5 inches. He goes into the woods and finds this frog. He asks "frog, will you marry me?" The frog says "no" And his prick shrinks five inches. The guys thinks to himself, "Wow, that was pretty cool. But, it's still too big." So he goes back to the frog and again asks the frog: "Frog, will you marry me?" Frog: "No, I won't marry you." The guys dick shrinks another five inches. But that's still 15 inches and he thinks his chop is still just a little bit too big. But he thinks that 10 inches would be just great. He goes back to the frog and asks: "Frog, will you marry me?" Frog: How many times do I have to tell you NO, NO, NO!!!
A drunk walks into a bar carrying a shoebox and says "Hey bartender, if I show you something amazing, will you give me a free drink?" Bartender shrugs, and says "Well, it'd have to be something pretty amazing. Let's have it." Guy pulls a rat and a tiny piano out of the shoebox and sets them both on the bar. The rat immediately starts playing the most amazing ragtime piano the bartender has ever heard. "Wow, that's amazing! Here's your free drink!" The bartender pours the drink. So the drunk drinks his drink and says "Hey bartender, if I can show you something even more amazing, will you give me another free drink?" "Mister, if you can top that piano-playing rat, I'll let you drink for free all night." So the drunk reaches into the shoebox and pulls out a frog. As soon as he sets it down, the frog starts singing scat music, perfectly in tune and time with the rat's piano playing. The bartender starts pouring drinks for the drunk. A little while later, a man walks up to the drunk and says "Hey buddy, I'm a talent agent, and I think your act is fantastic. I'll give you $1000 for the pair." The drunk rolls his eyes and slurs "Sorry mishter, they're not for shale." "Well, how about $500 just for the scat-singing frog then?" The drunk thinks for a second and says "You've got a deal." He gives the agent the frog, the agent gives him $500 and walks out of the bar. The bartender says to him, "Hey man, are you nuts? You had a million-dollar act there, and you broke it up for a measly 500 bucks?" The drunk grins at the bartender and says "Don't worry man, the rat's a ventriloquist."
A couple is having issues in the bedroom. During a visit with another couple the issue comes up. The second couple starts bragging about a doctor they went and saw. Wife 2: The doctor is fantastic! Our love life has never been better. Wife1: What did he do? Wife 2: Well, he did a thorough physical exam and then told us to stop at the grocery store on the way home and pick up donuts and grapes. We were to get naked and I am supposed to toss the donuts on Husband's penis and if I got it on I had to eat it off. My husband then had to take a grape and try to flick it into my pussy and if he gets it in then he eats it out. Oh my god it worked. So the first wife gets the doctor's number and sets up an appointment. Just as the second wife had said both of them are given thorough physicals and wait expectantly in the doctors office. The doctor walks in and sits down looking at their file. He sighs and looks at them. Doctor: I'm sorry but I can't help you out. Wife: You have to! You helped our friends. Please doctor we are desperate. The doctor sits and debates for a few minutes and then sighs again. Doctor: Ok well then on your way home stop at the grocery store and pick up cheerios and apples.
One morning Thibodeaux was sitting on his dock enjoying the sunrise when Boudreaux pulls up in his boat filled with duct tape. Thibodeaux looks at him, and asks "what you doing with a boat full of duct tape?" Boudreaux replies "I'm going duck hunting! You wanna come?" "You can't hunt ducks with duct tape, and no I ain't coming" replied Thibodeaux. So Boudreaux leaves. Later in the day Thibodeaux sees Boudreaux fly by in his boat, and low and behold its full of ducks. "Well i'll be damned!" says Thibodeaux. The next morning as Thibodeaux is enjoying the sunrise, Boudreaux pulls up in his boat again, this time with a boat full of gatorade. Sarcastically Thibodeaux says "Let me guess, you gonna catch gators with gatorade?" "Yep, you wanna come?" says Boudreaux. "You can't catch gators with gatorade...No I ain't coming!" So Boudreaux leaves. Later that day Thibodeaux sees Boudreaux fly by in his boat, and it was filled with gators. "Well i'll be damned!" says Thibodeaux. The next morning as Thibodeaux is enjoying the sunrise, Boudreaux pulls up in his boat agian...this time with a boat full of pussy willows. Thibodeaux thinks for a second and says..."Hold on let me get my hat"
the train: Ok, this really hyper-active lil boy gets a train set for christmas, but his mom would not let him play with it for the fear he might just break it lose it what ever she is mom.2 days go by... TODAY she has a huge dinner party coming this is going to be very hard to do with her hyper kid,, he allready shaved the cat, put dog in the fish tank and spilled the bag of cat food... Oh no whats next,, here he comes,,, MOMMY CAN I PLAY WIT MY TRAIN ?CAN I HUH CAN I PLAY WIT MY TRAIN? Not a second thought was needed... Sure honey thats a great idea your old enough now ,,but you sit in the dining room and play nice,, I'll be in the kitchen cooking ok play nice...shes in the kitchen and she hears him snapping popping dropping and breaking stuff then she hears wooooowwooooo all u bitches and bastards who wanna get onboard the train get on board! His mom runs to the dining room and tells him:you have a two hour time out mister! but mom what will they do the train people have to get there? two hours go by...MOM CAN I PLAY WIT MY TRAIN CAN I HUH CAN I? Ok but u play nice I'll be in the kitchen PLAY NICE! OK MOM.. While in the kitchen she hears him snapping popping dropping and breaking stuff,, then she hears wooooowoooo,,, ALL U LDIES AND GENTLEMEN WHO WANNA GIT ON THE TRAIN GIT ON ALL U WHO WANT OFF HURRY UP GIT OFF.... BUT IF U WANNA KNOW WHY THE TRAIN IS TWO HOURS LATE GO ASK THAT BITCH IN THE KITCHEN
A father, son and grandson went to the country club for their weekly round of golf. Just as they reached the first tee, a beautiful young blond woman carrying her bag of clubs approached them. She explained that the member who brought her to the club for a round of golf had an emergency that called him away and asked the trio whether she could join them. Naturally, the guys all agreed. Smiling, the blonde thanked them and said, 'Look, fellows, I work in a topless bar as a dancer, so nothing shocks me anymore. If any of you want to smoke cigars, have a beer, bet, swear, tell off-color stories or do anything that you normally do when playing a round together, go ahead. But, I enjoy playing golf, consider myself pretty good at it, so don't try to coach me on how to play my shots.' With that the guys agreed to relax and invited her to drive first. All eyes were fastened on her shapely behind as she bent to place her ball on the tee. She then took her driver and hit the ball 270 yards down the middle, right in front of the green. The father's mouth was agape. 'That was beautiful,' he said. The blonde put her driver away and said, 'I really didn't get into it, and I faded it a little.' After the three guys hit their drives and their second shots, the blonde took out an eight iron and lofted the ball within five feet of the hole. (She was closest to the pin.) The son said, 'Damn, lady, you played that perfectly.' The blonde frowned and said, 'It was a little weak, but even an easy seven would have been too much club. I've left a tricky little putt.' She then tapped in the five-footer for a birdie. Having the honors, she drove first on the second hole, knocked the heck out of the ball, and it landed nearly 300 yards away smack in the middle of the fairway. For the rest of the round the statuesque blonde continued to amaze the guys, quietly and methodically shooting for par or less on every hole. When they arrived at the 18th green, the blond was three under par, and had a very nasty 12-foot putt on an undulating green for a par. She turned to the three guys and said, 'I really want to thank you all for not acting like a bunch of chauvinists and telling me what club to use or how to play a shot, but I need this putt for a 69 and I'd really like to break 70 on this course. If any one of you can tell me how to make par on this hole I'll take him back to my apartment, pour some 35-year-old Single Malt Strath Mill Scotch in him, fix him a steak dinner and then show him a very good time the rest of the night.' The yuppie son jumped at the thought! He strolled across the green, carefully eyeing the line of the putt and finally said, 'Honey, aim about 6 inches to the right of the hole and hit it firm. It will get over that little hump and break right into the cup.' The father knelt down and sighted the putt using his putter as a plumb. 'Don't listen to the kid, darlin', you want to hit it softly 10 inches to the right and let it run left down that little hogback, so it falls into the cup.' The old gray-haired grandfather walked over to the blonde's ball, picked it up and handed it to her and said, 'That's a gimme, sweetheart.' The blonde smiled and said, 'Your car or mine?'
...even though it is against the law to drink alcohol there. They are captured by the Sheik and are sentenced to death, until his wife runs up to him and whispers something in his ear. She glances to the New Zealander, and whispers some more. The sheik steps forward and announces: "Because it is my wife's birthday today, she has asked that I spare your lives, on the following terms. You will each get 20 lashes, but will receive one wish before you do. However, since my wife and I admire New Zealand's beautiful countryside, we will allow the New Zealander two wishes." The Australian is up first, and asks for a pillow to be tied to his back. However, after the first few lashes, the pillow breaks. Then, the American asks for TWO pillows to be tied to his back. Again, they break after but five lashes. Finally, the New Zealander steps forward. "First," he says, "I would like to be given 40 lashes, not 20." The sheik is confused at first, and then asks "And...your second wish?" "Tie the Aussie to my back." EDIT: So many "kiwis are sheep shaggers" jokes. I really was asking for it, wasn't I? :D
The war is over. It all depended on one mission. After the 3 remaining survivors received their medals the president says: "I can not thank you enough. For your payment, you will choose any length from one body part to another and I will give you one thousand Dollars for every inches I measure." The first soldier, the biggest of them said: "Sir, measure the distance between my toes and my forehead, sir!" The president says: "78 inch. That's 78,000 Dollars!" He receives his money and happily walks off. The second says "Sir, I'll take the distance between one hand and the other.", as he spreads his arms. The president measures it and says: "76 inches. That's 76,000 Dollars!" The young soldier can't complain. He takes his money and walks off. The president asks the third one. A tough old veteran who has killed many men in his life. Without showing any emotion he says: "From the tip of my dick to my balls." The president is surprised, and a bit disgusted, but being a man of his word, he pulls down the old veteran's pants. "Where are your balls?" "'Nam, sir."
A woman brings another man home while her husband is away at work. Her kid is home, sees the man and gets scared and runs into his mothers closet. The woman brings the man up and they start to do their thing. Suddenly, the front door opens up, and the husband is home from work early. The wife tells the man to hide in the closet. Low and behold, the kid is also in the closet. "It sure is dark in here" says the kid. "yeah" nervously says the man. "hey, do you want to buy my baseball glove?" says the kid. "no, I don't want that" says the man. "well, you do know I can shout and get you in trouble and my father will find out. so again, do you want to buy my baseball glove?" says the kid. "sure, how much do you want?". "$200". "$200?! I'm not paying that, forget it, kid.". "Fine, I'll tell my parents...". "Alright, here's $200". Two weeks pass, and the man comes over again. The kid, who's scared once again, runs into his mothers closet. Same thing happens, the husband comes home from work early and tells the man to hide in the closet. Again, the man and the boy are together again. "It sure is dark in here" says the boy. "Alright, what do you want to sell me this time?" says the man. "My baseball, and I'll lower the price. $100". "Alright, alright, here's $100". Week passes and the weekend is here. The father asks the boy to have a game of catch with him. "I can't papa, I sold my glove and my ball" . "What, why? How much did you sell it for?". "$300 for everything". "$300?! It's not worth that much money. You shouldn't rip people off like that. On Sunday, we're going to church and you're going to confess your sins to the priest and hope for forgiveness. Sunday rolls around the family arrives to church. The father sits the son down in a confessional with the priest to forgive him of his sins. "It sure is dark in here" says the boy. "Don't start this shit again" says the priest
An English, a Pakistani, and an Irish couple all simultaneously arrive at a hospital, all of the wives in the couple going into labour at approximately the same time. All of the babies were delivered healthily after fairly routine births but unfortunately, after placing the babies in their cradles, the nurse realized that she had forgotten to place tags on the different sheets. She informed the doctor of her mistake and that she was unable to recall which baby was which. The doctor was something of a scientist and believed that there was a parenting instinct which would allow them to identify the babies. He said they would let the couples go in, look at the babies, and take whichever one they identified as their own through this inherent, natural drive. The English couple went first, returning almost immediately carrying the darkest skinned child. The nurse, recognizing this, approached the English couple to inform them;. "Sir, no offence, but I believe that this child belongs to that Pakistani couple over there" "Yeah, I know mate, but I heard that the other couple over there is Irish and I'm not taking any chances"
So there is this border guard and one day he sees a guy crossing the border on his bicycle with two big bags over his shoulder. The guard pulls him aside for questioning. "What's in those bags?" the guard asks. "Just sand." the guy replies. The guard opens up the bags and sees that is seems to be just sand so he lets him go. The next day the guy comes back on his bike and again he has two big bags over his shoulder. Again the guard pulls him aside. "What's in those bags?" the guard asks. "Sand" The guard opens the bag and finds nothing but sand. He looks a little harder bus still can't find anything wrong. Over the next decade the scenario repeats over and over. The border guard knows something is up and tries more sophisticated methods to try and figure it out. Dogs, chemical testing, magnets, everything. He never finds anything illegal though. Finally, the border guard retires. All his friends and co-workers throw him a big party at a restaurant across the border. While at the party, the guard sees the guy. He decides to go and talk to him. "Hey, it's interesting seeing you here. I'm having my retirement party right now." the guard say to him. "Congratulations, I just retired this week myself." the guy says. "Oh really, what job did you have?" "I was a smuggler." "I knew it! Well, you got away with it. So please tell me. What was it that you were smuggling?" "Bicycles"
Prom was approaching at Central High School, and Doug needed a date. He got the nerve up to ask a popular and pretty girl, Susan, to prom. To his surprise, she said "yes." He was so excited, he went to a tuxedo shop that day to secure his rental. There was a very long line, as many other boys were renting tuxedos as well, but he waited patiently because he was so thrilled, and orders his tuxedo. A week passes. Doug realizes he wants to rent a limo for the big night to impress Susan, so he goes to a car rental shop. There's an even longer line and over a hundred people are waiting, but he's so excited that he waits and waits and finally secures his limo reservation. The big day approaches, and Doug can't contain his excitement. He goes to the flower shop to buy a corsage and a boutineer. Every guy in town is already waiting in line, but he patiently goes to the back and waits his turn. Hours pass, and he finally purchases his items. Flower in hand, he goes and picks Susan up for prom. The night is well, and Doug and Susan are having a blast. They're dancing and laughing and having a generally good time, and soon Susan leans in close to Doug and whispers that she'd like a glass of punch. So Doug, bent on getting her a drink, looks over to the drink tables and sees that there's no punch line.
The CIA had an opening for an assassin. After all of the background checks, interviews, and testing were done there were three finalists: two men and one woman. For the final test, the CIA agents took one of the men to a large metal door and handed him a gun. "We must know that you will follow your instructions, no matter what the circumstances. Inside this room you will find your wife sitting in a chair. You have to kill her." The first man said, "You can't be serious. I could never shoot my wife." The agent replies, "Then you're not the right man for this job." The second man was given the same instructions. He took the gun and went into the room. All was quiet for about five minutes. Then the agent came out with tears in his eyes. "I tried, but I can't kill my wife." The agent replies, "You don't have what it takes. Take your wife and go home." Finally, it was the woman's turn. Only she was told to kill her husband. She took the gun and went into the room. Shots were heard, one shot after another. They heard screaming, crashing, banging on the walls. After a few minutes, all was quiet. The door opened slowly and there stood the woman. She wiped the sweat from her brow and said, "You guys didn't tell me the gun was loaded with blanks. I had to beat him to death with the chair."
Dear Walter, I hope you can help me here. The other day, I set off for work leaving my husband in the house watching the TV as usual. I hadn't driven more than a mile down the road when the engine conked out and the car shuddered to a halt. I walked back home to get my husband's help. When I got home I couldn't believe my eyes. He was in our bedroom with the neighbours daughter. I am 32, my husband is 34, and the neighbours daughter is 22. We have been married for ten years. When I confronted him, he broke down and admitted that they had been having an affair for the past six months. I told him to stop or I would leave him. He was sacked from his job six months ago and he says he has been feeling increasingly depressed and worthless. I love him very much, but ever since I gave him the ultimatum he has become increasingly distant. He won't go to counselling and I'm afraid I can't get through to him anymore. Can you please help? Sincerely, Sheila Dear Sheila: A car stalling after being driven a short distance can be caused by a variety of faults with the engine. Start by checking that there is no dirt in the fuel line. If it is clear, check the vacuum pipes and hoses on the intake manifold and also check all grounding wires. If none of these approaches solves the problem, it could be that the fuel pump itself is faulty, causing low delivery pressure to the injectors. I hope this helps. Walter.
A group of soldiers are preparing for an attack from the enemy, when a private walks up to the captain and says "Captain, I've lost my rifle! What do I do?" The captain thinks for a moment, then grabs a broom and hands it to the private. He says "If any enemies show themselves, just point this at them and shout "Bangity bangity bang." The private argues about how it won't work, but the captain insists until he finally gives up. "Well what about close quarters then?" says the private. The captain thinks for a moment, then takes a butterknife and sticks it to the end of the broom He then says "If they come close, just use this and say "stabbity stabbity stab" The private doesn't even bother arguing this time. The next day, the enemy mounts a huge offensive. There is an immense army. The private starts aiming his broom and saying "Bangity bangity bang," and it actually proves effective. This guy starts mowing down the enemy soldiers with his broom, but there's just so many, and they start charging him. So he starts to "stabbity stabbity stab," and the soldiers drop in front of him bleeding. After some time, there is no one left alive on the battlefield but him. There are corpses from both sides everywhere. Except there is one enemy soldier in the distance. The enemy soldier is not aiming a gun or anything. He is simply walking towards the broom wielding soldier while mumbling something. The soldier aims his broom and fires, but to no effect. He continues trying over and over, but the enemy soldier just walks towards him, still mumbling. The soldier gets close, and he tries stabbing, but it still has no effect. The soldier finally reaches him, and simply pushes him over. He literally crushes him just walking over him. As his life fades, he finally hears the enemy solider walking off saying "Tankity tankity tank."
Three men, a philosopher, a mathematician and an idiot, were out riding in the car when it crashed into a tree. Before anyone knows it, the three men found themselves standing before the pearly gates of Heaven, where St. Peter and the Devil were standing nearby. "Gentlemen," the Devil started, "Due to the fact that Heaven is now overcrowded, St. Peter has agreed to limit the number of people entering Heaven. If anyone of you can ask me a question which I don't know or cannot answer,then you're worthy enough to go to Heaven; if not, then you'll come with me to Hell." The philosopher then stepped up,"OK, give me the most comprehensive report on Socrates' Socrates' teachings." With a snap of his finger, a stack of paper appeared next to the Devil. The philosopher read it and concluded it was correct. "Then, go to Hell!" With another snap of his finger, the philsopher disappeared. The mathematician then asked,"Give me the most complicated formula ever theorized!" With a snap of his finger, another stack of paper appeared next to the Devil. The mathematician read it and reluctantly agreed it was correct."Then, go to Hell!" With another snap of his finger, the mathematician disappeared too. The idiot then stepped forward and said, "Bring me a chair!" The Devil brought forward a chair. "Drill 7 holes on the seat." The Devil did just that. The idiot then sat on the chair and let out a very loud fart. Standing up, he asked, "Which hole did my fart come out from?" The Devil inspected the seat and said,"The third hole from the right.""Wrong," said the idiot, "it's from my asshole." And the idiot went to heaven.
I came up with a different version... Ricky Gervais, Stephen Merchant, and Karl Pilkington were out filming An Idiot Abroad 4 where this time all three of them travel together, but unfortunately when they were in Africa, they were all attacked and killed by lions. They found themselves standing before the pearly gates of Heaven, where St. Peter and the Devil were standing nearby. "Gentlemen," the Devil started, "Due to the fact that Heaven is now overcrowded, St. Peter has agreed to limit the number of people entering Heaven. If anyone of you can ask me a question which I don't know or cannot answer,then you're worthy enough to go to Heaven; if not, then you'll come with me to Hell." Ricky Gervais stepped up and said "Well I don't believe in all this, I've got to be in some comatose dream in a hospital or something, so it doesn't matter what I ask, really. How about, why did the little girl fall off the swing?" The devil responds "Because she didn't have any arms!" Ricky says, "you've seen my stand up then, haven't you?" which he barely gets out before the devil banishes him to hell with a snap of his finger. Stephen Merchant was a little bit more concerned with this predicament because it felt real to him, so he knew he should come up with a clever question. He stepped up and asked, "This statement is false. - Was that statement true or was it false?" The devil responded "That's a paradox, you twat!" and with a snap of his finger, Stephen Merchant was banished to hell. Karl Pilkington then stepped forward and said, "Bring me a chair!" The Devil brought forward a chair. "Drill 7 holes on the seat." The Devil did just that. Karl then sat on the chair and let out a very loud fart. Standing up, he asked, "Which hole did my fart come out from?" The Devil inspected the seat and said,"The third hole from the right." "Wrong," said Karl, "it came out me arsehole." And the idiot went to heaven.
A 75-year-old man walked into a crowded waiting room and approached the desk. The receptionist said, "Yes sir, what are you seeing the Doctor for today?" "There's something wrong with my dick", he replied. The receptionist became irritated and said, "You shouldn't come into a crowded waiting room and say things like that". "Why not, you asked me what was wrong and I told you," he said. The receptionist replied "Now you've caused some embarrassment in this room full of people. You should have said there is something wrong with your ear or something and discussed the problem further with the doctor in private". The man replied, "You shouldn't ask people questions in a roomful of strangers if the answer could embarrass anyone. The man walked out, waited several minutes, and then re-entered. The receptionist smiled smugly and asked, "Yes??" "There's something wrong with my ear," he stated. The receptionist nodded approvingly and smiled, knowing he had taken her advice. "And what is wrong with your ear, sir?" "I can't piss out of it" he replied.
A group of men are changing in locker room at a golf club. Suddenly a cell phone on the bench starts to ring, and a man puts it on speaker phone as he continues getting dressed. He says "Hello?", the woman on the other line says "Honey, it's me. Are you still at the golf club?" "Yeah, what's going on?" "I'm out shopping and found this great new leather coat, and it's only $500 dollars, can I get it?" "Sure, if you like it" "Thank you! I was also at the dealership earlier and saw the new Mercedes models, and there is one that's absolutely gorgeous, and I really want it!" "How much is it?" "About $80,000..." "Alright, but for that price I want all the extra options included." "Great! One other thing. The house we wanted last year is back on the market, but they're asking for 1,500,000." "Well, go ahead and make them an offer, but don't go above 1,250,000." "Really? Okay! I love you, see you later!" "Love you too." The rest of the men in the club stare at him wide eyed. As he hangs up the phone he looks at the men and asks "Anyone know whose phone this is?"
Two women talk about their last night sex: -So, how was your sex yesterday? -It was crap… My husband came home, ate his dinner in 3 minutes, then we fucked for 4 minutes and after two minutes he fell asleep. And how was yours? -I had a wonderful evening yesterday. My husband came back home, then he took me out for a lovely romantic dinner. Then we had a relaxing stroll back home for an hour. Then we lit the candles and had a wonderful one-hour long foreplay. We had awesome sex for an hour and we also talked and cuddled for an hour afterwards. It was absolutely fantastic! In the meantime, the husbands talk to each other: -How was your sex yesterday? -It was crap… I came back home to find that the power was down, so I took my old hag, out for something to eat. The food was very expensive and I didn’t have much money so we had to come back home on foot. When we came back home, there was still no power so I had to light those fucking candles. I was so pissed off that I couldn’t get a hard on for an hour, and later I wasn’t able to fall asleep for ages. And how was yours? -My evening was cool! I came back home, the food was already on the table. I ate until I was full, fucked my wife and went to sleep!
An 86-year-old man went to his doctor for his quarterly check-up... The doctor asked him how he was feeling, and the 86-year-old said, "Things are great and I've never felt better. I now have a 20 year-old bride who is pregnant with my child. So what do you think about that Doc?"The doctor considered his question for a minute and then began to tell a story.  "I have an older friend , much like you, who is an avid hunter and never misses a season.One day he was setting off to go hunting. In a bit of a hurry , he accidentally picked up his walking cane instead of his gun. As he neared a lake, he came across a very large male beaver sitting at the water's edge.He realized he'd left his gun at home and so he couldn't shoot the magnificent creature. Out of habit he raised his cane , aimed it at the animal as if it were his favorite hunting rifle and went 'bang, bang'."Miraculously, two shots rang out and the beaver fell over dead. Now, what do you think of that ?" asked the doctor. The 86-year-old said , "Logic would strongly suggest that somebody else pumped a couple of rounds into that beaver." The doctor replied, "My point exactly!"
... and smoking a joint when a lizard sees him. "Hey man, what are you doing?" asks the lizard. "Nothing, just smoking some weed!", says the koala. "Can I have some?", asks the lizard. "Sure!" says the koala and lets the lizard have a few hits. They sit on the tree, smoking some weed and shooting the shit when the lizard's mouth starts to get dry. "Hey man, I'm going to drink some water because my mouth is getting dry", says the lizard. He then climbs down and goes down to the river to get a drink. A crocodile sees him drinking and asks him "Hey man, why are your eyes so red?" The lizard says "Oh, I was just smoking some weed!" The crocodile then asks the lizard where he got the weed from and the lizard says "I got it from the koala over in that tree." So while the lizard is drinking water, the crocodile walks over to the tree, looks up and yells "Hey man, can I get some of that weed?". The koala looks down, pauses for a bit and says "HOLLLLLLLLYYYY FUUUUUUUUUUCK DUDE! HOW MUCH WATER DID YOU DRINK?!"
My wife has been missing for two weeks. The police said to prepare for the worst. So, I went to the thrift shop to get all of her clothes back. I was in bed with a blind girl last night and she said that I had the biggest penis she had ever laid her hands on. I said "You're pulling my leg." I saw a poor old lady fall over today on the ice. At least I presume she was poor - she only had $1.20 in her purse. My girlfriend thinks that I'm a stalker. Well, she's not exactly my girlfriend, yet. Went for my routine checkup today and everything seemed to be going fine until he stuck his index finger up my ass. Do you think I should change dentists? A wife says to her husband, "you're always pushing me around and talking behind my back." He says "What do you expect? You're in a wheel chair." I was explaining to my wife last night that when you die you get reincarnated but must come back as a different creature. She said she would like to come back as a cow. I said, "You're obviously not listening." At the Senior Citizens Center they had a contest the other day. I lost, but the questions were tricky. One question was: Where do women mostly have curly hair? Apparently the correct answer was Africa. Another question that I missed was to name one thing commonly found in cells. It appears that Mexicans is not the correct answer either. There's a new Muslim clothing shop opened in our shopping center, but I've been banned from it after asking to look at some of the new bomber jackets. You can say lots of bad things about pedophiles but at least they drive slowly past schools. A buddy of mine has just told me he's getting it on with his girlfriend and her twin. I said "How can you tell them apart?" He said "Her brother's got a mustache." I just put a deposit down on a brand new Porsche and mentioned on my Facebook page that, "I can't wait for the new 911 to arrive!" Next thing I know 4,000 ****ing Muslims have added me as a friend! Being a modest man, when I checked into my hotel on a recent trip, I said to the lady at the registration desk, "I hope the porn channel in my room is disabled." To which she replied, "No, it's regular porn, you sick fuck." The Red Cross just knocked at our door and asked if we could help towards the floods in Pakistan. I said we would love to, but our garden hose only reaches the driveway.
...(coffee, croissants, bread, butter and jam) when a Frenchman chewing bubble-gum, sits down next to him. The Englishman ignores the Frenchman who, nevertheless, starts a conversation. Frenchman: 'You English folk eat the whole bread??' Englishman (in a bad mood): 'Of course.' Frenchman: (after blowing a huge bubble) 'We don't. In France , we only eat what's inside.. The crusts we collect in a container, recycle it, transform them into croissants and sell them to England .' The Frenchman has a smirk on his face. The Englishman listens in silence. The Frenchman persists: 'Do you eat jam with the bread??' Englishman: 'Of Course.' Frenchman: (cracking his bubble-gum between his teeth and chuckling). 'We don't. In France we eat fresh fruit for breakfast, then we put all the peels, seeds, and leftovers in containers, recycle them, transform them into jam, and sell the jam to England .' After a moment of silence, The Englishman then asks: 'Do you have sex in France ?' Frenchman: 'Why of course we do', he says with a big smirk. Englishman: 'And what do you do with the condoms once you've used them?' Frenchman: 'We throw them away, of course.' Englishman: 'We don't. In England , we put them in a container, recycle them, melt them down into bubble-gum, and sell them to France .'
A boss wondered why one of his most valued employees had not phoned in sick one day. Having an urgent problem with one of the main computers,he dialled the employee's cell phone number and was greeted with a child's whisper. "Hello." "Is your daddy home?" he asked. "Yes," whispered the small voice. "May I talk with him?" The child whispered, "No." Surprised and wanting to talk with an adult, the boss asked, "Is your Mommy there?" "Yes," whispered the small voice. "May I talk with her?" Again the small voice whispered, "No." Hoping there was somebody with whom he could leave a message, the boss asked, "Is anybody else there?" "Yes," whispered the child, "a policeman" Wondering what a cop would be doing at his employee's home, the boss asked, "May I speak with the policeman?" "No, he's busy", whispered the child. "Busy doing what?" "Talking to Daddy and Mommy and the Fireman," the whisper answered. Growing more worried as he heard what sounded like a helicopter through the earpiece on the phone, the boss asked, "What is that noise?" "A helicopter." answered the whispering voice. "What is going on there?" demanded the boss, now truly apprehensive. Again, whispering, the child answered, "The search team just landed the helicopter." Alarmed, concerned and a little frustrated the boss asked, "What are they searching for?" Still whispering, the young voice replied with a muffled giggle. "ME.!!:)
A ten-year-old boy was failing math. His parents tried everything from tutors to hypnosis, but to no avail. Finally, at the insistence of a family friend, they decided to enroll their son in a private Catholic school. After the first day, the boy's parents were surprised when he walked in after school with a stern, focused and very determined expression on his face, and went right past them straight to his room, where he quietly closed the door. For nearly two hours he toiled away in his room - with math books strewn about his desk and the surrounding floor. He emerged long enough to eat, and after quickly cleaning his plate, went straight back to his room, closed the door, and worked feverishly at his studies until bedtime. This pattern continued ceaselessly until it was time for the first quarter report card. The boy walked in with his report card -- unopened -- laid it on the dinnertable and went straight to his room. Cautiously, his mother opened it, and to her amazement, she saw a bright red "A" under the subject of MATH. Overjoyed, she and her husband rushed into their son's room, thrilled at his remarkable progress. "Was it the nuns that did it?," the father asked. The boy only shook his head and said, "No." "Was it the one-on-one tutoring? The peer-mentoring?" "No." "The textbooks? The teachers? The curriculum?" "Nope," said the son. "On that first day, when I walked in the front door and saw that guy they nailed to the 'plus sign,' I just knew they meant business!"
in Amsterdam one night and finds himself a nice-looking prostitute. He asks her, 'How much dae ye charge for an hour?' '€100,' she replies. So he asks, 'Okay, dae ye dae it Scottish style?' She says 'No!' He then says 'I'll gie you €200 to dae it Scottish style'. She didn't even know what 'Scottish style' was, but again says, 'No', He then offers her $300, but she declines his offer, so finally he says, 'Last chance. I'll gie ye €500 to go Scottish style wi' me!' Finally she agrees, thinking, 'Well, I've been in the game for over 10 years now. I've been there and done that, had every kind of request from weirdos from every corner of the world. How bad could 'Scottish style; be?' So she goes ahead and has sex with him, doing it in every kind of way and in every possible position. Finally, after several intense hours they finish. Exhausted, the hooker turns to him and says, 'That was really fantastic. I've never enjoyed it so much. But I was expecting something perverted and disgusting. Where does the 'Scottish style' come in?' The Scotsman replies, 'I'll pay ye next week'
AEEEYOOOO time for some medical jokes: What's a brown stain on the coat of an internist? Poo. What's a red stain on the coat of a surgeon? Blood. What's a yellow stain on the coat of an urologist? Pee. What's a brown stain on the coat of an anesthesiologist? Coffee. There's a room with four corners, in each corner is an M.D. and in the middle are 2000 dollars. The one who reaches the money first gets to keep it. There's a radiologist, a fast internist, a slow internist and an anesthesiologist. Who wins? A: the slow internist. There's no fast internist, the radiologist doesn't raise a finger for 2k and the anesthesiologist didn't understand the objective. What do you call the green cloth that separates the anesthesiologist from the surgeon during an operation? Brain-Blood barrier. Two M.D.s are walking around a clinic when they find a dead anesthesiologist lying on the floor. One of the M.D.s gets down and puts his hands in his trouser-pockets. "At least this way it looks like a work-accident".
A large group of Russian soldiers in the border area in 1939 are moving down a road when they hear a voice call from behind a small hill: "One Finnish soldier is better than ten Russian". The Russian commander quickly orders 10 of his best men over the hill where a gun-battle breaks out and continues for a few minutes, then silence. The voice once again calls out: "One Finn is better than one hundred Russians." Furious, the Russian commander sends his next best 100 troops over the hill and instantly a huge gun fight commences. After 10 minutes of battle, again silence. The calm Finnish voice calls out again: "One Finn is better than one thousand Russians!" The enraged Russian commander musters 1000 fighters and sends them to the other side of the hill. Rifle fire, machine guns, grenades, rockets and cannon fire ring out as a terrible battle is fought.... Then silence. Eventually one badly wounded Russian fighter crawls back over the hill and with his dying words tells his commander, "Don't send any more men......it's a trap. There are two of them."
One winter morning while listening to the radio, Bob and his wife hear the announcer say, "We are going to have 4-6 inches of snow today. You must park your car on the even numbered side of the street, so the snowplow can get through." Bob's wife goes out and moves her car. A week later while they are eating breakfast, the radio announcer says, "We are expecting 6-8 inches of snow today. You must park your car on the odd numbered side of the street, so the snowplow can get through." Bob's wife goes out and moves her car again. The next week they are having breakfast again, when the radio announcer says, "We are expecting 8-10 inches of snow today. You must park..." then the electric power goes out. Bob's wife is very upset, and with a worried look on her face she says, "Honey, I don't know what to do. Which side of the street do I need to park on so the plow can get through?" With the love and understanding in his voice like all men who are married to blondes exhibit, Bob says, "Why don't you just leave it in the garage this time?"
It was a hot Saturday evening in the summer of 1962 and Fred had a date with Peggy Sue. He arrived at her house and rang the bell. "Oh, come on in!" Peggy Sue's mother said as she welcomed Fred in. "Have a seat in the living room. Would you like something to drink? Lemonade? Iced tea?" "Iced tea, please," Fred said. Mom brought the iced tea. "So, what are you and Peggy planning to do tonight?" she asked. "Oh, probably catch a movie, and then maybe grab a bite to eat at the malt shop, maybe take a walk on the beach..." "Peggy likes to screw, you know," Mom informed him. "Uh...really?" Fred replied, with raised eyebrows. "Oh, yes!" the mother continued. "When she goes out with her friends, that's all they do!" "Is that so?" asked Fred, incredulous. "Yes," said the mother. "As a matter of fact, she'd screw all night if we let her!" "Well, thanks for the tip," Fred said as he began thinking about alternate plans for the evening. A moment later, Peggy Sue came down the stairs looking pretty as a picture wearing a pink blouse and full circle skirt, and with her hair tied back in a bouncy ponytail. She greeted Fred. "Have fun, kids," the mother said as they left. Half an hour later, a completely disheveled Peggy Sue burst into the house and slammed the front door behind her. "The Twist, Mom!" she angrily yelled at her mother. "The damned dance is called the Twist!
A manager at Wal-Mart had the task of hiring someone to fill a job opening. After sorting through a stack of resumes he found four people who were equally qualified. He decided to call the four in and ask them only one question. Their answer would determine which of them would get the job. The day came and as the four sat around the conference room table, the interviewer asked, 'What is the fastest thing you know of?' The first man replied, 'A THOUGHT.' It just pops into your head. There's no warning. 'That's very good!' replied the interviewer. 'And, now you sir?', he asked the second man. 'Hmmm...let me see 'A blink! It comes and goes and you don't know that it ever happened. A BLINK is the fastest thing I know of.' 'Excellent!' said the interviewer. 'The blink of an eye, that's a very popular cliché for speed.' He then turned to the third man, who was contemplating his reply. 'Well, out at my dad's ranch, you step out of the house and on the wall there's a light switch. When you flip that switch, way out across the pasture the light on the barn comes on in less than an instant. 'Yep, TURNING ON A LIGHT is the fastest thing I can think of'. The interviewer was very impressed with the third answer and thought he had found his man. 'It's hard to beat the speed of light,' he said. Turning to BUBBA, the fourth and final man, the interviewer posed the same question. Old Bubba replied, 'After hearing the previous three answers, it's obvious to me that the fastest thing known is DIARRHEA.' 'WHAT!?' said the interviewer, stunned by the response. 'Oh sure', said BUBBA. 'You see, the other day I wasn't feeling so good, and I ran for the bathroom, but before I could THINK, BLINK, or TURN ON THE LIGHT, I had already s**t my pants.' BUBBA is now the new greeter at a Wal-Mart near you!
An engineer dies and reports to the Pearly Gates. Saint Peter checks his dossier and, not seeing his name there, accidentally sends him to Hell. It doesn’t take long before the engineer becomes rather dissatisfied with the level of comfort in Hell. He soon begins to design and build improvements. Shortly thereafter, Hell has air conditioning, flush toilets and escalators. Needless to say, the engineer is a pretty popular guy. One day, God calls Satan and says with a sneer: "So, how are things in Hell?" Satan replies: "Hey, things are going great. We’ve got air conditioning, flush toilets, and escalators. And there’s no telling what this engineer is going to come up with next." "What!" God exclaims: "You’ve got an engineer? That’s a mistake -- he should never have been sent to Hell... send him to me." "Not a chance," Satan replies: "I like having an engineer on the staff, and I’m keeping him!" God insists: "Send him back or I’ll sue." Satan laughs uproariously and answers: "Yeah, right. And where are you going to get a lawyer?"
Airman Jones was assigned to the induction center, where he advised new recruits about their government benefits, especially their GI insurance. It wasn't long before Captain Smith noticed that Airman Jones had almost a 100% record for insurance sales, which had never happened before. Rather than ask about this, the Captain stood in the back of the room and listened to Jones's sales pitch. Jones explained the basics of the GI Insurance to the new recruits, and then said: "If you have GI Insurance and go into battle and are killed, the government has to pay $200,000 to your beneficiaries. If you don't have GI insurance, and you go into battle and get killed, the government only has to pay a maximum of $6000." "Now," he concluded, "which bunch do you think they are going to send into battle first?" Russian President Putin called President George W. Bush with an emergency: "Our largest condom factory has exploded," the Russian President cried. "My people's favorite form of birth control. This is a true disaster!" "Mr. Putin, the American people would be happy to do anything within their power to help you," replied the President. "I do need your help" said Putin. "Could you possibly send 1,000,000 condoms as soon as possible to tide us over?" "Why certainly! I'll get right on it,"said Bush. "Oh, and one more small favor, please?" said Putin. "Yes?" "Could the condoms be red in color and at least 10" long and 4" in diameter?" said Putin. "No problem," replied the President. Mr. Putin hung up and started laughing with his aides about how those stupid Americans will fall for anything. George hung up and called the President of a condom company. "I need a favor, you've got to send 1,000,000 condoms right away over to Russia." "Consider it done," said the president of the condom company. "Great! Now listen, they have to be red in color, 10" long and 4" wide." "Easily done. Anything else?" "Yeah," said the President, "print 'Made in America, size small' on each one!" A mother and her young son were flying Southwest Airlines from Kansas City to Chicago. The son turned from the window to his mother and asked, "If big dogs have baby dogs and big cats have baby cats, why don't big planes have baby planes?" The mother said, "Well, maybe that's something you could ask the stewardess." So the boy asked the stewardess, "If big dogs have baby dogs and big cats have baby cats, why don't big planes have baby planes?" The stewardess responded, "Did your mother tell you to ask me?" The boy admitted that this was the case. "Well, then, tell your mother that there are no baby planes because Southwest always pulls out on time. You can ask your mother to explain it to you." Sixth grade science teacher Mrs. Samson asks her class: "Who can tell me which organ of the human body expands to 10 times its usual size when stimulated?" Nobody raises a hand, so she calls on the first student to look her way. "Mary, can you tell me which organ of the human body expands to 10 times its usual size when stimulated?" Mary stands up, blushing furiously. "How dare you ask such a question?" she says. "I'm going to complain to my parents, who will complain to the principal, who will have you fired!" Mrs. Sampson is shocked by Mary's reaction, but undaunted. She asks the class the question again, and this time Sam raises his hand. Yes, Sam?" says Mrs. Sampson. "Ma'am, the correct answer is the iris of the human eye." "Very good, Sam. Thank you." Mrs. Sampson then turns to Mary and says, "Mary, I have 3 things to tell you: first, it's clear that you have not done your homework. Second, you have a dirty mind. And third, I fear one day you are going to be sadly disappointed." It was the mailman's last day on the job after 35 years of carrying the mail through all kinds of weather to the same neighborhood. When he arrived at the first house on his route he was greeted by the whole family there, who congratulated him and sent him on his way with a big gift envelope. At the second house they presented him with a box of fine cigars. The folks at the third house handed him a selection of terrific fishing lures. At the fourth house he was met at the door by a strikingly beautiful woman in a revealing negligee. She took him by the hand, gently led him through the door (which she closed behind him), and led him up the stairs to the bedroom where she blew his mind with the most passionate love he had ever experienced. When he had had enough they went downstairs, where she fixed him a giant breakfast: eggs, potatoes, ham, sausage, blueberry waffles, and fresh-squeezed orange juice. When he was truly satisfied she poured him a cup of steaming coffee. As she was pouring, he noticed a dollar bill sticking out from under the cup's bottom edge. "All this was just too wonderful for words," he said, "but what's the dollar for?" "Well," she said, "last night, I told my husband that today would be your last day, and that we should do something special for you. I asked him what to give you." He said, "Screw him, give him a dollar." The lady then said, "The breakfast was my idea." A lady goes to her parish priest one day and tells him, "Father, I have a problem. I have two female parrots but they only know how to say one thing." "What do they say?" the priest inquired. "They say, 'Hi, we're prostitutes. Do you want to have some fun?'" the woman said embarrassingly. "That's obscene!" the priest exclaimed, "I can see why you are embarrassed." He thought a minute and then said, "You know, I may have a solution to this problem. I have two male parrots whom I have taught to pray and read the Bible. Bring your two parrots over to my house and we will put them in the cage with Francis and Job. My parrots can teach your parrots to praise and worship. I'm sure your parrots will stop saying that...that phrase in no time." "Thank you," the lady responded, "this may very well be the solution." The next day, she brought her female parrots to the priest's house. As he ushered her in, she saw his two male parrots were inside their cage, holding their rosary beads and praying. Impressed, she walked over and placed her parrots in with them. After just a couple of seconds, the female parrots exclaimed out in unison, "Hi, we're prostitutes. Do you want to have some fun?" There was a stunned silence. Finally, one male parrot looked over at the other male parrot and said, "Put the beads away, Francis, our prayers have been answered!" One fine day in Ireland, a guy is out golfing and gets up to the 16th hole. He tees up and cranks one. Unfortunately, it goes into the woods on the side of the fairway. He goes looking for his ball and comes across this little guy with this huge knot on his head, and the golf ball lying right beside him. "Goodness," says the golfer, and proceeds to revive the poor little guy. Upon awaking, the little guy says, "Well, you caught me fair and square. I am a leprechaun. I will grant you three wishes." The man says, "I can't take anything from you, I"m just glad I didn"t hurt you too badly," and walks away. Watching the golfer depart, the leprechaun thinks, "Well, he was a nice enough guy, and he did catch me, so I have to do something for him. I'll give him the three things that I would want. I'll give him unlimited money, a great golf game, and a great sex life." Well, a year goes past (as they often do in jokes like this) and the same golfer is out golfing on the same course at the 16th hole. He gets up and hits one into the same woods and goes off looking for his ball. When he finds the ball he sees the same little guy and asks how he is doing. The leprechaun says, "I'm fine, and might I ask how your golf game is?" The golfer says, "It's great! I hit under par every time." The leprechaun says, "I did that for you. And might I ask how your money is holding out?" The golfer says, "Well, now that you mention it, every time I put my hand in my pocket, I pull out a ten pound note." The leprechaun smiles and says, "I did that for you. And might I ask how your sex life is?" The golfer looks at him a little shyly and says, "Well, maybe once or twice a week." The leprechaun is floored and stammers, "Once or twice a week?!" The golfer, a little embarrassed, looks at him and says, "Well, that's not too bad for a Catholic priest in a small parish." Two lawyers walking through the woods spotted a vicious looking bear. The first lawyer immediately opened his briefcase, pulled out a pair of sneakers and started putting them on. The second lawyer looked at him and said, "You're crazy! You'll never be able to outrun that bear!" "I don't have to, " the first lawyer replied. "I only have to outrun you." Hung Chow calls in to work and says, "Hey, boss I not come work today, I really sick. I got headache, stomach ache and my legs hurt. I not come work." The boss says, "You know Hung Chow, I really need you today. When I feel like this I go to my wife and tell her give me sex. Makes everything better and I can go to work. You try." Two hours later Hung Chow calls again: "Boss, I do what you say and I feel great. I be at work soon. You got nice house." A fellow bought a new Corvette and was out on an interstate for a nice evening drive. The top was down, the breeze was blowing through what was left of his hair and he decided to open her up. As the needle jumped up to 80 mph he suddenly saw a flashing red and blue light behind him. "There ain't no way they can catch a Corvette," he thought to himself and opened her up further. The needle hit 90, 100, 130 and finally 150 with the light still behind him. "What the hell am I doing?" he thought and pulled over. The cop came up to him, took his license without a word and examined it and the car. "I've had a tough shift and this is my last pull over. I don't feel like more paperwork so if you can give me an excuse for your driving that I haven't heard before you can go!" "Last week my wife ran off with a cop," the man said, "and I was afraid you were trying to give her back!" "Off you go," said the officer. A driver is pulled over by a police man. Man: Is there a problem Officer? Officer: Sir, you were speeding. Man: Oh I see. Officer: Can I see your licence please? Man: I'd give it to you but I don't have one. Officer: Don't have one? Man: Lost it four times for drink driving. Officer: I see, can I see your vehicle registration papers please? Man: I can't do that. Officer: Why not? Man: I stole this car. Officer: Stole it? Man: Yes, and I raped and killed the owner. Officer: You what? Man: She's in the boot if you want to see. The Officer looks at the man and slowly backs away to his car and calls for back up. Within minutes five police cars circle the car. A senior officer slowly approaches the car, clasping his half drawn gun. Officer #2: Sir, could you step out of your vehicle please! The man steps out of his vehicle. Man: Is there a problem sir? Officer #2: One of my officers told me that you have stolen this car and murdered the owner. Man: Murdered the owner? Officer #2: Yes, could you please open the boot of your car please. The man opens the boot, revealing nothing but an empty boot. Officer #2: Is this your car sir? Man: Yes, here are the registration papers. The officer is quite stunned. Officer #2: One of my officers claims that you do not have a driving licence. The man digs in his pocket revealing a wallet and hands it to the officer. The officer opens the wallet and examines the licence. He looks quite puzzled. Officer #2: Thank you sir, one of my officers told me you didn't have a licence, stole this car, raped and murdered the owner. Man: I bet you the lying bastard told you I was speeding, too. An exhausted hunter out in the woods stumbled across another hunter. Hunter #1: "Am I glad to see you, I've been lost for three days." Hunter #2: "Don't get too excited, friend, I've been lost for three weeks." After a 2 year study, the National Science Foundation announced the following results on America's ball-related recreational preferences: The sport of choice for unemployed or incarcerated people is basketball. The sport of choice for maintenance level employees is bowling. The sport of choice for blue-collar workers is football. The sport of choice for supervisors is baseball. The sport of choice for middle management is tennis. The sport of choice for corporate officers is golf. Conclusion: The higher you rise in the corporate structure, the smaller your balls become. An old guy in his Volvo is driving home from work when his wife rings him on his carphone. "Honey", she says in a worried voice, "be careful. There was a bit on the news just now, some lunatic is driving the wrong way down the freeway". "It's worse than that", he replies, "there are hundreds of them!" Little Johnny is constantly late for school and what's worse is that he always has a big lie explaining why. The teacher tells the principal that she has had it with his exaggerations. The principal tells her to send Johnny to him the next time he shows up late. He will tell Johnny a lie so big that he will never tell another one. Ever. The next day, Johnny shows up two hours late. Johnny says, "I was two hours early today so I had time to fish in the pond on my way to school. I caught a 17-pound trout and had to take it home. If I didn't clean it and freeze it, my mom would've been angry. That's why I'm so late". The teacher promptly takes him to the principal's office and explains the story to the principal. The principal tells Johnny about his own trip to school that day. He says, "I was walking to school through the park on the trail today when I heard something behind me. I turned around and was shocked to see a giant grizzly bear behind me. He was 24 feet tall and had 6-inch fangs. He was going to eat me, Johnny! Just then a little dog ran out from the bushes, jumped up and attacked the bear. The little dog killed the bear and then ate the whole bear right there in front of me. What do you think of that, Johnny?" Johnny replies, "Oh yeah, that's my dog Sparky. That's his third bear this week." A man decides to take the opportunity while his wife is away to paint the toilet seat. The wife comes home sooner than expected, sits, and gets the seat stuck to her rear. She is understandably distraught about this and asks her husband to drive her to the doctor. She puts on a large overcoat so as to cover the stuck seat, and they go. When they get to the doctor's, the man lifts his wife's coat to show their predicament. The man asks, "Doctor, have you ever seen anything like this before?" "Well, yes," the doctor replies, "but not framed like that." A student comes to a young professor's office hours. She glances down the hall, closes his door, kneels pleadingly. "I would do anything to pass this exam." She leans closer to him, flips back her hair, gazes meaningfully into his eyes. "I mean..." she whispers, "...I would do...anything!" He returns her gaze. "Anything?" "Yes, anything!" His voice turns to a whisper. "Would you...study?" Two old ladies are walking through a museum and got separated. When they ran into each other later the first old lady said to the second, "Oh my! Did you see that statue of the naked man back there?" The second old lady replied, "Yes! I was absolutely shocked! How can they display such a thing! My gosh the penis on it was so large!" Where upon the first old lady accidentally blurted out, "...Yeah, and cold, too!" A defendant was on trial for murder in Philadelphia. There was strong evidence indicating guilt, but there was no corpse. In the defense’s closing statement the lawyer, knowing that his client would probably be convicted, resorted to a trick. "Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, I have a surprise for you all," the lawyer said as he looked at his watch. "Within one minute, the person presumed dead in this case will walk into this courtroom." He looked toward the courtroom door. The jurors, somewhat stunned, all looked on eagerly. A minute passed. Nothing happened. Finally the lawyer said, "Actually, I made up the previous statement. But you all looked on with anticipation. I, therefore, put it to you that there is reasonable doubt in this case as to whether anyone was killed and insist that you return a verdict of not guilty." The jury, clearly confused, retired to deliberate. A few minutes later, the jury returned and pronounced a verdict of guilty. "But how?" inquired the lawyer. "You must have had some doubt; I saw all of you stare at the door." Answered the jury foreman: "Oh, we did look. But your client didn’t." A young woman, with a baby in her arms, entered a butcher shop and confronted the butcher with the news that the baby was his and asked what he was going to do about it? He said he'd offer to provide her with free meat until the boy was 16. She agreed. The butcher had been counting the years off on his calendar, and one day the teenager who had been collecting the meat each week, came into the shop and said, "I'll be 16 tomorrow." "I know," said the butcher with a smile, "I've been counting too, tell your mother, when you take this parcel of meat home, that it is the last free meat she'll get, and watch the expression on her face." When the boy arrived home he told his mother. The woman nodded and said, "Son, go back to the butcher and tell him I have also had free bread, free milk, and free groceries for the last 16 years and watch the expression on his face!" The young bride approached her awaiting husband on their wedding night and demanded $20 for their first love-making encounter. In his highly aroused state, he readily agreed. This scenario was repeated each time they made love for the next 30 years, him thinking it was a cute way for her to buy new clothes, etc. Arriving home around noon one day, she found her husband in a very drunken state. Over the next few minutes she heard of the ravages of financial ruin caused by corporate down sizing and it's effects on a 50 year old executive. Calmly, she handed him a bank book showing deposits and interest for 12 years totaling nearly $1 million dollars. Pointing across the parking lot she gestured toward the local bank while handing him stock certificates worth nearly $2 million dollars and informing him that he was the largest stockholder in the bank. She told him that for 30 years she had charged him each time they had sex , and this was the result of her investments. By now he was distraught and beating his head against the side of the car. She asked him why the disappointment at such good news and he replied, "If I had known what you were doing, I would have given you all of my business!" A wee guy was sitting at a bar staring at his drink for ages. Suddenly, a big biker came along, snatched his glass, guzzled down the contents and laughed, "Hah! So what you gonna do about that, little man?" "Nothing," sighed the little guy despondently. "You see, today has been the worst day of my life. This morning I overslept and was late for an important meeting. My boss was furious and so he sacked me. I cleared my desk, went to my car, only to discover that it wasn't there - somebody had stolen it. So I got a taxi home, but when it came to paying the driver I realised I'd forgotten my wallet. I then had to go into my house but I found my wife in bed with the gardener. So I left home and came to this bar. And just when I was thinking about ending it all, you came along and drank my poison..." A little boy walks into his parents' room to see his mom on top of his dad bouncing up and down. The mom sees her son and quickly dismounts, worried about what her son has seen. She dresses quickly and goes to find him. The son sees his mom and asks, "What were you and Dad doing?" The mother replies, "Well you know your dad has a big tummy and sometimes I have to get on top of it to help flatten it." "You're wasting your time," said the boy. "Why is that?" asked his mom, puzzled. "Well when you go shopping the lady next door comes over and gets on her knees and blows it right back up." First Time ================ The sky was dark The moon was high All alone just she and I Her hair was soft Her eyes were blue I knew just what She wanted to do Her skin so soft Her legs so fine I ran my fingers Down her spine I didn't know how But I tried my best I started by placing My hands on her breast I remember my fear My fast beating heart But slowly she spread Her legs apart And when I did it I felt no shame All at once The white stuff came At last it's finished It's all over now My first time ever At milking a cow... A couple who drove their car to K-Mart only to have their car breakdown in the parking lot. The man told his wife to carry on with the shopping while he fixed the car. The wife returned later to see a small group of people near the car. On closer inspection she saw a pair of male legs protruding from under the chassis. Although the man was in shorts, his lack of underpants turned private parts into glaringly public ones. Unable to stand the embarrassment she dutifully stepped forward and tucked everything back into place. On regaining her feet she looked across the hood and found herself staring at her husband who was standing idly by. The mechanic, however, had to have three stitches in his head. A golfer stands over his tee shot for what seems an eternity to his partner. He looks up, looks down, measures the distance and figures the wind direction and speed. The longer he takes, the more his partner fidgets. Finally his exasperated partner says, "What's taking so long? Hit the blasted ball." The guy answers, "My wife is up there watching me from the clubhouse. I want to make this a perfect shot." "Forget it, man," the partner says. "You'll never hit her from here." The Mafia was looking for a new man to make weekly collections from all the private businesses that they were "protecting." Feeling the heat from the police force, they decide to use a deaf and dumb person for this job. If he were to get caught, he wouldn't be able to communicate to the police what he was doing. On his first week, the collector picks up over $40,000. He gets greedy, decides to keep the money and stashes it in a safe place. The Mafia soon realizes that their collection is late, and sends some of their hoods after the deaf and dumb collector. The hoods find the collector and ask him where the money is. The deaf and dumb collector can't communicate with them, so the Mafia drags the guy to an interpreter. The Mafia hood says to the interpreter, "Ask him where da money is." The interpreter signs, "Where's the money?" The dumb man signs back, "I don't know what you're talking about." The interpreter tells the hood, "He says he doesn't know what you're talking about." The hood pulls out a .38 and places it in the ear of the dumb collector. "Now ask him where the money is!" The interpreter signs, "Where is the money? The deaf man signs back, "The $40,000 is in a tree stump in Central Park." The interpreter says to the hood, "He says he still doesn't know what you're talking about, and doesn't think you have the balls to pull the trigger." So, Donald Rumsfeld is briefing George Bush in the Oval Office. "Oh and finally, sir, three Brazilian soldiers were killed in Iraq today." Bush goes pale, his jaw hanging open in stunned disbelief. He buries his face in his hands, muttering "My God...My God". "Mr. President," says Cheney, "we lose soldiers all the time, and it's terrible. But I've never seen you so upset. What's the matter?" Bush looks up and says..."How many is a Brazilian?" A trucker who has been out on the road for two weeks stops at a brothel outside Atlanta. He walks straight up to the Madam, drops down $500 and says, "I want your ugliest woman and a grilled cheese sandwich!" The Madam is astonished. "But sir, for that kind of money you could have one of my finest ladies and a three-course meal." The trucker replies, "Listen Darlin, I ain't horny. I'm homesick." A woman walks into a restaurant and sits down. As she bends down to reach into her purse for her wallet, she farts loudly with the waiter right behind her. She sits abruptly back up, glares at the waiter and shouts “Stop that!” To which the waiter replies, “Sure, which way did it go?”
...foreign tour, had lots of cash lying with him. He thought it would be safest to keep it with a Senator and requested him to keep it until he returns. The Senator agreed but insisted the transaction be witnessed by two of his senior advisors. “Money matters can lead to serious misunderstandings.” said Senator. ”It is always wise to have two witnesses.” The Governor saw the wisdom of the advice. The cash was handed over to the Senator in the presence of two of his senior advisors. Some weeks later when the Governor returned home, he called on the Senator and asked for the return of his money. “What money?” asked the Senator. “I don’t know what you are talking about.” “The cash I left with you.” pleaded the Governor. “You even had two of your senior advisors as witnesses.” “Let’s ask them.” replied the Senator. The senior advisors were called to the Senator’s office. “Do you know anything about this Governor leaving money with me?” asked the Senator. “No sir, I know nothing” replied one. “No sir, he didn’t leave any money with you.” said the other. The senior advisors left the room. The Senator opened his safe and gave the Governor his cash. “Why did you first say you knew nothing about my money”? Asked the bewildered Governor. “I just wanted to know what kind of senior advisors I have. “ Replied the Senator.
Three couples—one elderly, one middle-aged, one young and newly wed—apply for membership in a church. The pastor informs them that the requirement for new parishioners is that they abstain from sex for two weeks. The couples agree and go their separate ways. After two weeks, they return. The pastor asks the elderly pair if they were able to abstain for two weeks. "No problem at all, Pastor," replies the old man. "Congratulations!" says the pastor. "Welcome to the church." He turns to the middle-aged couple and asks if they were able to abstain for two weeks. "It was difficult," replies the husband. "By the end of the second week, I had to sleep on the couch, but we did it." "Congratulations on overcoming temptation," says the pastor. "Welcome to the church." He then turns to the newlyweds and asks if they were able to abstain for two weeks. "At first it was no problem," says the husband. "But one day my wife was reaching for a can of corn on the top shelf, and she dropped it. When she bent over to pick it up, I was overcome with lust and took advantage of her right there." "You understand, of course, that this means you will not be welcome in our church," says the pastor. "We know," says the young man. "We’re not welcome at the supermarket anymore either."
I was sitting at my desk when I remembered a phone call I'd forgotten to make. I found the number and dialed it. A man answered, saying 'Hello.' I politely said, 'This is Chris. Could I please speak with Robyn Carter?' Suddenly a manic voice yelled out in my ear 'Get the right f***ing number!' And the phone was slammed down on me. I couldn't believe that anyone could be so rude. When I tracked down Robyn's correct number to call her, I found that I had accidentally transposed the last two digits. After hanging up with her, I decided to call the 'wrong' number again. When the same guy answered the phone, I yelled 'You're an asshole!' And hung up. I wrote his number down with the word 'asshole' next to it, And put it in my desk drawer. Every couple of weeks, when I was paying bills or had a really bad day, I'd call him up and yell, 'You're an asshole!' It always cheered me up. When Caller ID was introduced, I thought my therapeutic 'asshole' calling would have to stop. So, I called his number and said, 'Hi, this is John Smith from the telephone company. I'm calling to see if you're familiar with our Caller ID Program?' He yelled 'NO!' And slammed down the phone. I quickly called him back and said, 'That's because you're an asshole!' And hung up. One day I was at the store, getting ready to pull into a parking spot. Some guy in a black BMW cut me off and pulled into the spot I had patiently waited for. I hit the horn and yelled that I'd been waiting for that spot, but the idiot ignored me. I noticed a 'For Sale' sign in his back window, so I wrote down his number. A couple of days later, right after calling the first asshole (I had his number on speed dial) I thought that I'd better call the BMW asshole, too. I said, 'Is this the man with the black BMW for sale?' He said, 'Yes, it is.' I then asked, 'Can you tell me where I can see it?' He said, 'Yes, I live at 34 Oaktree Blvd. , in Fairfax It's a yellow ranch style house And the car's parked right out in front.' I asked, 'What's your name?' He said, 'My name is Don Hansen.' I asked, 'When's a good time to catch you, Don?' He said, 'I'm home every evening after five.' I said, 'Listen, Don, can I tell you something?' He said, 'Yes?' I said, 'Don, you're an asshole!' Then I hung up, and added his number to my speed dial, too. Now, when I had a problem, I had two assholes to call. Then I came up with an idea... I called asshole #1. He said, 'Hello' I said, 'You're an asshole!' (But I didn't hang up.) He asked, 'Are you still there?' I said, 'Yeah!' He screamed, 'Stop calling me' I said, 'Make me.' He asked, 'Who are you?' I said, 'My name is Don Hansen.' He said, 'Yeah? Where do you live?' I said, 'Asshole, I live at 34 Oaktree Blvd., in Fairfax, a yellow ranch style home and I have a black Beamer parked in front.' He said, 'I'm coming over right now, Don. And you had better start saying your prayers.' I said, 'Yeah, like I'm really scared, asshole,' and hung up. Then I called Asshole #2. He said, 'Hello?' I said, 'Hello, asshole,' He yelled, 'If I ever find out who you are...' I said, 'You'll what?' He exclaimed, 'I'll kick your ass' I answered, 'Well, asshole, here's your chance. I'm coming over right now.' Then I hung up and immediately called the police, saying that I was on my way over to 34 Oaktree Blvd, in Fairfax, to kill my gay lover. Then I called Channel 7 News about the gang war going down in Oaktree Blvd in Fairfax . I quickly got into my car and headed over to Fairfax . I got there just in time to watch two assholes beating the crap out of each other in front of six cop cars, an overhead news helicopter and surrounded by a news crew. NOW I feel much better. Anger management really does work.
A man and his boss skip work one weekday afternoon for a round of golf. They tee off at 1:00 and after 2 holes they catch up to a twosome of women. The women are playing unbearably slowly. After waiting nearly an hour to play a hole, the men discuss how to get around these slow-playing women. They try yelling to them, to no avail. When the men reach the 4th tee, a par 3, they wait another 30 minutes while one of the girls takes 10 shots to get out of a sand trap. The boss says to his subordinate, "I'm going to take a ride up there in the cart and ask if we can play through." The boss gets about 50 yards from the green and abruptly turns around and drives back to the tee. The subordinate asks, "What happened? Why didn't you say anything to them?" The boss says, "I got about 50-60 yards away, and I could tell that the two women were my wife and my mistress." The subordinate says, "We ain't got all day. Let me go talk with them." So he drives up, gets about 50 yards away, and abruptly turns around. When he gets back to the tee, he says, "Unbelievable. What a fucking coincidence."
