I understand what medicare is and everything but I'm not sure what Obamacare changed.Okay, explained like you're a five year-old (well, okay, maybe a bit older), without too much oversimplification, and (hopefully) without sounding too biased: What people call "Obamacare" is actually the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (abbreviated to PPACA or ACA). However, people were calling it "Obamacare" before everyone even hammered out what it would be. It's a term that was, at first, mostly used by people who didn't like the PPACA, and it's become popularized in part because PPACA is a really long and awkward name, even when you turn it into an acronym like that. Barack Obama has since said that he actually likes the term "Obamacare" because, he says, "I do care". Anyway, the PPACA made a bunch of new rules regarding health care, with the purpose of making health care more affordable for everyone. Opponents of the PPACA, on the other hand, feel that the rules it makes take away too many freedoms and force people (both individuals and businesses) to do things they shouldn't have to. So what does it do? Well, here is everything, in the order of when it goes into effect (because some of it happens later than other parts of it): (Note: Page numbers listed in citations are the page numbers within the PDF, not the page numbers of the document itself)
Below is a hand-picked collection of outstanding explanations from this subreddit. Each linked answer is not only informative and correct, but written in terms that an elementary school student would legitimately understand. If you find an equally exceptional explanation not on this list, make a base-level comment on this thread and it will be considered for addition. Read and enjoy! Economics Debt in a Money-Based Economy by Hapax_Legoman Expansionary Monetary Policy by GOD_Over_Djinn Libertarianism by AmazingSyco Stocks and the Stock Market by CarlH Trust Funds by The_Cleric History JFK Assassination by Didji World War I by Axon350 Literature and the Arts The Catcher in the Rye by TrouserDemon Baroque vs. Classical vs. Romantic Music by HellOnTheReddit Mathematics and Logic Anything to the Zero is One by LordAurora Bases by Didji Chaos Theory by Captain_Kittenface Crash Course in Logic by gmanp Manifolds and the Poincaré Conjecture by flabbergasted1 Negative Times Negative Equals Positive by lampochka_returns Occam's Razor by OtherSideReflections P versus NP by flabbergasted1 Riemann Hypothesis by flabbergasted1 Philosophy & Religion Existentialism and Nihilism by Semiel Islam by meowtiger Nietzsche by plaidpant The Qur'an by dottxt Recent Events London Riots (August 2011) by chetney Phone Hacking Scandal (August 2011) by Didji The US Drops from AAA to AA+ (August 2011) by uriman What If Greece Defaults (October 2011) by duckymf SOPA (November 2011) by flabbergasted1 Reddit The Front Page by flabbergasted1 Vote Fuzzing by kissmyapp Science Domesticating Animals by josh6499 Fire by Balestar The Nervous System by Scriptorius Space-Time by 4x4prints The Speed of Light by Avedomni Plasma by wiz3n Technology Buffer Overflow by UnitedStatesSenate Cell Phones by The_Cleric Electronic Ink by GSnow Hashing by AndreasTPC HTTP by The_Cleric Internet by EdgeOfDreams ISPs by Didji .JPEG vs. .PNG by asokoloski LCD vs. LED vs. Plasma by unndunn Linux vs. Windows vs. OS X by TickTak Net Neutrality by Didji Programming Languages by chipbuddy U.S. Politics The Debt Ceiling by The_Cleric Liberalism vs. Conservatism by Didji "Obamacare" by Didji World Politics Africa by bkoatz Fascism by blackstar9000 The Israel-Palestine Conflict: Part 1, Part 2 by nathanite North Korea by elloelloello Wikileaks by Devistator Credit to adrianix for coming up with the title.DON'T PANICThis should be written in large friendly letters in the backgroundGo to r/explainlikeimfive and check out the title of the tab. :)And bring a towel.Mostly harmless.
I know this kind of breaks the rules, but I think a good explanation would be whats Reddit is all about. I have always had real trouble explaining this to my older relatives and computer illiterate friends. Edit: thanks to everyone for all of your answers.Email is like a written letter that arrives in seconds instead of days. Google is a company that runs many websites, the biggest of which is a search engine. A search engine is a phone book for other websites. AOL is an internet service provider, they are like a phone company but give you access to other people on the internet instead of other people with telephones. A website is a destination on the internet, someplace to go to get information or complete a transaction much like a physical location on a street. IE / Chrome / Firefox are your methods of transportation to get to where you need to go. They are akin to a vehicle, but thankfully do not need any gas. The internet is like a city. It is a collection of places and people with a road that connects all these various places to each other and allow you to travel from one place to another to get what you need.Dude, you have to type LOUDER!
Questions here are supposed to be covering complex topics that are difficult to understand, where simplifying the answer for a layperson is necessary. So why are we flooding the sub with simple knowledge questions? This sub is for explaining the Higgs Boson or the effect of black holes on the passage of time, not telling why we say "shotgun" when we want the passenger seat in a car. EDIT: Alright, I thought my example would have been sufficient, but it's clear that I need to explain a little. My problem is that questions are being asked where there is no difference between an expert answer and a layman answer. In keeping with the shotgun example, that holds true-- People call the front passenger seat by saying 'shotgun' because, in the ages of horses and carts, the person sitting next to the one driving the horses was the one armed to protect the wagon. There is no way for that explanation to be any more simple or complex than it already is. Thus, it has no reason to be in a sub built around a certain kind of answer in contrast to another.Yep. Somehow I feel that if I try asking for someone to ELI5 what an Ergative Absolute language is (honestly, someone mind helping me?), I'll just get downvoted in favor of something like "ELI5 why I am required to wear a seatbelt by law even though it affects no one but me?" You know, a question that we mods have to give the benefit of the doubt to, but we know is just a thinly-vielled soapbox question. Or something really trivially easy that people can just google, or something trivially...dumb, I guess? A lot of completely opinion-based ones that essentially boil down to "Why do people like X?" or "Why DON'T people like X?" or "Why do people find X so Y?" Or "Why is not acceptable/not acceptable to X?" And so on. It's kinda turning away from being a place where you can see really simple explanations for complex topics that you could never quite grasp, and towards more...generic bullshit. It's difficult for us mods to do anything about it. To strike a good balance. There is also an amount of disagreeing within the mods themselves. Personally, I think a good solution would be to require people to specify what exactly they found confusing. This would drive home the point that this is supposed to be a place for things you could never quite wrap your head around, or for things where you can't separate the important stuff from the unimportant fluff.
http://i.imgur.com/ZApmv.png I enjoy a good laugh, don't mean to be a grinch! It's just a bit inconvenient when one is trying to find the answer to said question and has to trudge through a thread about sexually-efficient Germans (for example).I would love it if this subreddit was more heavily moderated. All those joke replies, the "lol now -pffft- lil timmy you're a bit - pffffffft - young to be asking that! HAHAHA" are very frustrating and just clutter the real answers. I don't care that they're up voted, they are useless and should be removed.It's Explain Like I'm Five, not I'm Five Years Old, Explain This To MeThe mods have chosen to take a hands off policy when it comes to moderation despite repeated pleas and continual meta threads discussing the moronic nature of too many ELI5 threads. It's really frustrating. I like reddit because I learn things here, not because of puns. I understand that it can be awkward moderating heavily because you don't want to come across like overzealous moderators or think it's more fair to just let it all happen democratically or whatever, but you're moderators - don't be afraid to moderate. Otherwise the subreddit'll get worse and further away from the original purpose as more and more people come.
Like seriously, I've been watching this movie on and on... and still don't get that part! What is it about Choice and the Matrix? What did the Oracle figure about humanity that made them believe in the Matrix as their reality? I'd be so thankful to anyone who can put this Philosophy in simple English. Edit: Thank you everyone! So far there have been 5 attempts to answer the question, What i thought would be a casual discussion of movie fanatics has become a great intro to Philosophy! Wow i reading all the threads and i'd highly recommend everybody interested in the movie to do so. It bought me a whole new perspective to the movie. Questions Unanswered so far or raised in the discussion: Neo's real world super powers, stopping the sentinels and vision without eyes. Agent Smith's rejection of matrix and connection with Neo. The Oracles true personality. Why were the machines using humans instead of geothermal (Magma) energy while Zion found itself comfortable to do so?Before the current version of the Matrix, the machines created other versions. The first was a "Perfect World Scenario" where everybody was happy and life was good. Human psyche could not handle this overload of perfection and rejected the program. People couldn't believe it was real. The second Matrix was a "Nightmare Scenario", wars raged so as to appease the sadistic nature of humanity. This was also a failure because people couldn't accept it. The solution was found by The Oracle. She concluded, that if people were given a choice to accept or reject the Matrix (even if they weren't aware they were being given that choice), they would overwhelmingly accept the program anyway. Of course that this acceptance was not universal. A small number of people would still reject the Matrix. If left unchecked in the system, these people behaved like a virus, making other people aware that they lived in a fake world, destabilizing the whole system. They had to be removed. That's why The Architect allowed Zion to survive, to preserve the Matrix and to remove the people that were aware that they were inside a program. But this in turn created the problem of controlling Zion. If left unchecked, the city would eventually grow too powerful. For that purpose, the Architect and The Oracle created the concept of The One. Every time Zion grew too big (around 250.000 people I think), The One would be born. The One carried an important part of code from the Matrix (the Prime Program) that gave him a greater form of control over the Matrix (aka Neo's Powers).
Edit: thank you all for helping me. I find the prospect of being an adult somewhat terrifying and I don't understand most anything to do with taxes or investmentsA tax-deferred investment account. Money you put in your 401k gets taken from your gross paycheck before taxes are taken out, then the money in that account gets invested in various portfolios (typically chosen by you), and you can't take it out until you retire. If you take it out before then, you have to pay taxes on the money, as well as early withdrawal fees. If your company does 401k matching, it is definitely worth it. For example, if your company has "full match up to 5%." that means that for every dollar you put into your 401k, the company will put in a dollar as well, up to 5% of your gross pay. It's basically free money from your company for investing money for your retirement.You have to pay taxes on 401k distributions, regardless of when you take them. However, if you withdraw money early, you pay an additional 10% penalty on those withdrawals. Even if you don't get a good 401k matching from your company, do it. It is one of the easiest ways to invest, as it is taken out of your paycheck before you have an opportunity to spend it. Since the money is taken out "pre-tax" you report less taxable income, and pay less taxes. As you can, when/if you get raises, use at least part of the raise to increase your 401k contribution. Even if social security is around when you retire, it will probably not be enough to live on. Your 401k will be a vital part of your retirement.
edit: I'm not sure which 2 states allow the sales, I saw an article in the Washington Post today about how Tesla has a showroom in the DC Area but can't actually sell the cars.A long time ago, a man named Hank in Michigan started to build cars. People liked his cars, but Hank was in Michigan and didn't know many people in New Jersey or own a space to sell to individuals in New Jersey. So, he found one guy in New Jersey named Dan who he could sell to because Dan did know a lot of people and Dan owned a big lot to show cars on. Dan bought a lot of cars with his own money in bulk for his dealership, which he then sold to the public one at a time for profit. This was good for Hank because he didn't have to find individual customers in New Jersey to sell his cars to, and it was good for Dan because he already knew the individual customers and could sell Hank's cars for a profit. Eventually though, Hank saw Dan making a profit, and got greedy. Hank figured that now that Dan had already hooked people on his cars in New Jersey, he could just sell directly to the public in Dan's town to cut Dan out and make more money for himself. This was big trouble for Dan because not only would he be out of a job in the future, but he also wouldn't be able to sell the cars he had already bought from Hank if Hank started selling them cheaper. Oh No! BUT Dan's lived in New Jersey a long time, and he went to see his friends Dave and Dean who were Hank's dealers in other New Jersey towns. Dan told Dave and Dean that Hank wanted to sell directly to customers in his town, and that Hank would probably do it in their towns too.
[deleted]Real Simplified Version: PRISM is a tool used by the NSA that allows analysts to view data ("foreign intelligence") collected by legal methods. Edit 5: I apologize that this edit precedes the rest of the post, but much of the information from the original post has proven itself to be "outdated" (read: inaccurate) insofar as it incorrectly attributed power to PRISM, when it is at most a part of the whole. To be strictly correct, PRISM ("Planning Tool for Resource Integration, Synchronization, and Management") itself is simply the name of a tool used to access data gathered by the NSA by presumably legal means (in accordance with FISA / Protect America Act). I have now edited the post for accuracy. Be aware that as more information has come out, much of the related speculation has been disproved, at least so far as PRISM itself is concerned, and the articles upon which this post was originally based are themselves no longer the latest information on the subject. Ok, for now I've finished editing. I've removed all the inaccurate information I could find, and replaced most of the original post with the most accurate information I could find, to the best of my knowledge. Please bring any inaccuracies you find to my attention.
I know there's no jobs in Detroit and nobody wants to live there, but surely there has to be some value to having a house there right? Even for the slight chance that property houses might rise in the next 100 years? Houses like this one: http://www.zillow.com/homedetails/4700-Saint-Clair-St-Detroit-MI-48214/88410305_zpid/Three reasons, all of which intermix. The first reason is that the houses are awful. Old, full of asbestos, dilapidated, crumbling - it would cost a lot of money to make Detroit's abandoned buildings useful. This ties in perfectly with the second reason: liability. These houses are so awful, that if a homeless junkie hurt himself in it, you would be liable. None of these houses are up to code - and ownership means you are now responsible for the condition of the building. Lastly, high taxes. Detroit is a big city - and its services are paid for by property taxes. But, because more and more people are fleeing the city - there is a smaller tax base. This means that each homeowner has to pay more in taxes to make up for the vacancies. To be fair, it does balance out somewhat - the houses are so worthless that the property taxes end up being reasonable. edit: sweet fingerfuck, my inbox blew up!So why is the bank (or person) who currently owns the house not required to do that now, but the minute it sells the new owner is? You're saying that an owner will have to bring it up to code, but obviously somebody owns it now. How can you own and then sell a house thats not up to code? This doesnt make sense to me.
Plus with Netflix I can watch whatever I want instead of what someone else put on. I don't get how the economics work? Is cable a giant rip off, or is Netflix spending investors money which will eventually run out? Edit: I didn't realize that the shows on Netflix aren't new. I'm just thrilled they have Star Trek and the PowerPuff Girls which is all I would watch if I had cable. Also, for those who are saying "Don't forget to factor in the cost of internet", my response is that I had broadband internet a long time before Netflix even existed - a long time before you could even watch TV on a computer in any practical way. So, saying I should factor in something I have anyway is, to me, like saying I should factor in the cost of electricity.Netflix may well get more expensive, as they signed their first round of content contracts early on, when no one expected Netflix to boom. Those contracts were comparatively cheap. (Here's a graph of how their content costs are rising fast.) They are somewhat protected now by their large number of subscribers. Cable operators, on the other hand, have to buy content by the channel, and channels are bundled together by contract and contractually placed in their tiers. For example, you probably pay $4/mo for ESPN. In this case, the channel model is established, and content providers do not want to move to a la carte bundling (where you pay for only the channels you want). Cable also covers current events that Netflix can't (you can't get news coverage, live sports, etc.), though these outlets are finding competition (to varying degrees) by the internet. Finally, Netflix gets to offer the cool shows after cable and the content providers have already funded their creation. Netflix can't exist in its current format without cable (hence why they are funding their own shows). Netflix is still somewhat priced as a value add-on for content creators, though new content contracts show that future pricing will be based as part of the total value expectation for content (so movie income will be based on its ability to draw viewers at theatres, buyers of DVDs, eyeballs on cable, as well as downloads on Netflix.
Why do companies that have seemingly maxed out on brand recognition still spend so much money on advertising? There is not a person watching TV who doesn't know about Pepsi/Coke. So it occurs to me that they cannot increase the awareness of their product or bring new customers to the product. Without creating new customers, isn't advertisement a waste of money? I understand that they need to advertise new products, but oftentimes, it's not a new product featured in a TV commercial. The big soda companies are the best example I can think of. Edit: Answered. Thanks everyone! Edit 2: Thanks again to everybody for the discussions! I learned alot more than I expected. If we weren't all strangers on the internet, I'd buy everyone a Pepsi.I discovered some years ago that the point of most advertising at a certain marque level was not to acquire new customers, but to retain them or even stop "buyer's regret". For example, BMW pretty much never expect somebody to see one of their adverts and think "Oh, that car looks good, I'll buy one of those!", because who the hell makes a purchasing decision of that size based on advertising? Most of their advertising is actually focused on people who recently bought one of their cars and is sat there thinking how much of a Ford or GM they could have got for 40% less. It prevents buyer's regret, and pushes them from just a buyer into a brand-loyal fan. It also enhances brand value in general, which is critical when establishing how much your brand is worth financially. Brand value is where Coca-Cola come in. Frequently in the UK people will say "it feels like Christmas now", once the "Christmas is coming" Coke ad with santa on lorries going through town is aired. Think about how powerful that is: people associate the celebration of the Messiah's birth, or perhaps the most intense emotional experience of the year that you can point to on a calendar, with a can of sugar water. When you hear "Coke", you immediately think of the colours of the can, the taste of the drink, and have an emotional response which is probably very happy, positive and affirming. That's what a lifetime of Coca-Cola telling you what they stand for has done to you.
I mean, imagine you were describing the US to someone who were only vaguely aware of what it was. You would start by talking about New York and California, maybe say a few things about Chicago and Florida and New Orleans and the deep south, but you wouldn't mention South Dakota. That's what I'm looking for here, just a few succinct sentences about the more important countries/cities/areas. Like, I know Nigeria is the biggest in terms of population and is considered an important up-and-coming economy due in part to oil revenues, but mired in conflict by the North/South religious divide, scandal and corruption, all of which threatens to tear the country apart. And please don't say "all the countries are important," because like States, that's not true. That's not to say they don't have value, but I mean more in terms of continental (or global) social/political/economic issues. Edit: Thanks for the answers, very informative.Nigeria (English Speaking) - The most populated African country at 160+ million. The country has an extraordinary amount of oil wealth, but it is also one of the most corrupt countries on earth so most of it has been squandered. It is a giant on the continent. Nigerians are found in large numbers throughout the continent, and are sometimes seen as a bit of a menace/drain in the countries they inhabit. South Africa (English Speaking) - The economic giant of the continent, it has a much higher standard of living than most of the rest of the continent, however there are still huge swathes of population living in abject poverty. Johannesburg alone accounts for 10% of the entire economy of the entire continent. Gold and mineral wealth abounds, diamonds and a healthy manufacturing sector contribute to it's wealth. It is also notable for the fairly large (~12%) white population. Unfortunately it is run by a horribly inept and entrenched government, also corrupt. Ethiopia (Amharic Speaking)- Is another giant in terms of population, but is incredibly poor, with a very undeveloped agricultural economy. However, it seems to exert a lot of influence across the continent, (heading up the African Union for example). Ethiopia has one of the most distinct cultures on the continent, with the only written dialect originating on the African continent. It was also the only Sub-Saharan African country to not be fully colonized by a European power.
This question is asked out of respect and me trying to gain knowledge on the happenings of his life and death. The news and most sites don't seem to have a full grasp, to me, in what happened, if they're talking about it at all. Thank you in advanceI'll actually try to explain this like you're five, because that doesn't ever seem to happen on here anymore. Aaron Swartz was a man who was a part of a whoooole lot of really cool things. He helped to make a thing called "RSS" which helps people learn all the stuff they want to without going to all the different websites that that takes. It's like if you want to make a sandwich, but normally you'd have to go to a bread store, a meat store, a cheese store, and a vegetable store. RSS makes it so you can get that all at once (and enjoy your sandwich much more easily). Aaron also was part of a group of guys who helped give out information from "PACER", which is a big system full of information about what happened at courts. But, even though all of this information should have been free, they charged people for it. Imagine if each time you asked your teacher a question you had to pay a quarter. Even though that's their job, and it should be free, they made you pay. Well that sure did make some law-people mad. They started to investigate Aaron, but eventually stopped when they realized Aaron was right. Aaron did some more stuff, too. You know this website you're on? Aaron was a big part of it at the very beginning. A lot of people call him one of the founders, but that's not entirely true. What true is that Aaron helped to shape and mold and make this website what it is today. It's like when mommy buys you Play-Doh. She actually started it, but you're the one that made the amazing sculpture out of it (with help from your friends, of course).
A webpage is made up of a lot of different files. The more complicated the page, the more files there are. This also depends upon the way that the page is designed and coded. As such, a page typically will not render (display the final page) until ALL files have been received. Imagine loading a page from the Wall Street Journal that has an imbedded video. The text and style commands (CSS) will go through almost instantly even on a slow connection. However the video may take several seconds. Depending on how the page is coded, it may wait for the video to load (this has nothing to do with buffering and actually playing the video) before rendering the page. When you close it, the browser stops waiting for whatever file still needs to load and just renders what it already has. The biggest offenders of this are typically flash animations (adverts or videos) and large image files. Adverts can be the cause for this, which is why some people will say that they experience faster connections when using ad-blocking software.
What are the differences and why does it seem like there are combinations like "scotch whiskey" as opposed to just plain "whiskey"? Edit: To the "a 5 year old shouldn't be drinking" comments, It's explain LIKE i'm five, not what should I teach a 5 year old. It was just r/mildlyinteresting the first time and now it's just r/mildlyinfuriating.Let's start with the master category - Whiskey/Whisky: A distilled alcoholic drink made from fermented grain, usually aged in wooden barrels or casks. Within the category of whiskey, there's various types which mostly is separated by the ingredients: • Malt whiskey - made from malted barley (same thing as beer uses) • Grain whiskey - made from other grains (corn, rye, wheat, and others) • Single malt - whiskey made from in a single distillery. Typically it's one malted grain (barley is most common, followed by rye - but it's not a legal requirement) • Blended malt - whiskey made from mixed single malt whiskeys • Blended whiskey - made from mixed single malt and grain whiskeys Then from there, there's regional/cultural/national types of whiskey, which is where you get your bourbon, scotch, etc. Each has various requirements to be labeled by name, and each country has different requirements, but these are the generalities: • Bourbon - An American whiskey, made from at least 51% corn.
There are many reasons. The physical antennas in use. Voyager has a really large dish pointed pretty precisely at Earth. There is a much much larger dish on Earth pointed at Voyager. It is part of the DSN, or Deep Space Network. These dishes act to focus the broadcast signal and to gather more of the received signal. Data rate: The data rate coming from Voyager is very low-rate. This helps because a single piece of information (a symbol, in RF speak) lasts longer, so the receiver has a longer time to collect the signal and to become certain what the value of that symbol is, and No obstructions. The walls of your house, the water contained within your house and within your body, the material in between the phone and the tower all absorb some amount of the energy, weakening the signal. Conversely, the frequency chosen for the communications of Voyager and other satellites was chosen so that the atmosphere wouldn't absorb much of the energy, and there's basically nothing in the way. Delay: Most of the delay that you experience is due to processing happening at the various nodes of the network. As for Voyager, the majority of the delay is the time it takes light to travel from the edge of the solar system back to the vicinity of the sun, where Earth hangs out.
I've never been taught much at all about evolution, I've only heard really biased views so I don't really understand it. I think my stance would change if I properly understood it. Thanks for your help :)The theory of evolution is the scientific theory that explains why there is so much variety and complexity in the natural world. Be warned that it doesn't explain what initially started life in the first place - all it explains is the variety of life we have. Also: it is not in any sense a moral philosophy. It is our understanding of our observations of the natural world. Evolution does not equal eugenics or anything like that. It's just a statement of the facts we see in the world. What we choose to do in light of understanding these facts does not come into it — in fact, understanding evolution can improve human wellbeing, as we can understand diseases much better. Another thing: the word ‘theory’. In normal everyday language, we usually use theory to mean ‘guess’ or ‘hypothesis’. In scientific terms, the theory is an explanation of the observable facts. A body of knowledge, if you will. For instance, ‘music theory’ is the body of knowledge surrounding musical composition. ‘Germ theory’ is the body of knowledge that explains illness and disease. ‘Cell theory’ is the theory that explains that all life is made of cells. ‘The theory of gravity’ is the study of gravity, and the explanations for the facts (or even laws) of gravity that we see in nature. The theory of evolution is no different. Evolution is a scientific, observable, fact, just like cells, germs, and gravity. The ‘theory of evolution’ is the study and explanation of these facts. If you've ever heard a creationist say ‘evolution is still only a theory’ or ‘evolution is not yet a law’ or ‘they're still trying to prove the theory of evolution’, then they are simply wrong, and misunderstanding the scientific meaning of the word theory. Theories don't become laws — theories laws. A law is just a simple mathematical observation that always seems to be true e.g. in electronics, ohm's law is that electrical current is equal to the voltage divided by resistance. Ohm's law is a part of the ‘theory of electronics’ if you like, although that term isn't really used.
Evolutionarily, it's to increase chances of having a baby. If a man continues to engage in intercourse after ejaculating, he risks inadvertently pushing the semen out of the way, making pregnancy more difficult. For a woman, if she orgasms first, she needs to stay interested until the man is done in order for there to be a chance of pregnancy. Because of these evolutionary needs, men have long "refractory periods" (lack of sexual desire after orgasm), whereas women either don't have them or have really short ones. The exact cause of the refractory periods in terms of body chemistry is still up for debate.This is true unless another female is introduced and then the refractory period is pretty much mitigated. This is called "The Coolidge Effect" after President Coolidge. The story goes something along the lines that President Coolidge and his wife were touring a farm and Mrs. Coolidge noticed that a single rooster was mating with hens several times a day and that President Coolidge should take note. President Coolidge retorted that the rooster was mating with several different females and that Mrs. Coolidge should take note. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coolidge_effect
I know that people can't get everything right all the time but isn't it probable that a lot of people advertising as psychics or fortune tellers are just scamming others? EDIT: ok so i guess to sum it all up, being a 'psychic' or a 'reader' isn't technically fraud in most place because the small print, informing people that it's only for entertainment purposes, covers their asses in a legal sense. Whether you think this is ethical or not, is entirely up to you but thanks to everyone who contributed :)They generally get around fraud law by using phrases such as 'for entertainment purposes only'. While they're clearly presenting the image that they can talk to dead people, or find missing persons, they cover themselves with legal technicalities.if they lacked the whole 'for entertainment purposes' would this mean that they're lying about their profession thus getting them into legal troubles?Wouldn't this also hinge on the fact that you can't technically prove that someone isn't speaking to the dead? I feel like this would all get into some really spiritual/religious gray area that would make this type of thing really difficult to litigate. Is that not the case?In Michael Shermer's book, "Why people believe weird things," there's a hilarious quote from an undercover cop who used to bust psychics who held themselves out as the real thing. She said, "I got told I was about to have success. I got told I was about to face trouble. Not once was I told I was an undercover officer, about to arrest the psychic."
It seems like the numbers just don't add up if every country owes every other country. Edit: What I'm trying to get at is that if Country A has, say, $-10, as well as Countries B and C because they are all in debt, then the world has $-30, which seems impossible, so who has the $30? Edit 2: Thanks for all the responses (and the front page)! Really clears things up for me. Trying to read through all the responses because apparently there is not nearly as concrete of an answer as I thought there would be. Also, if anyone isn't satisfied by the top answers, dig a little deeper. There are some quality explanations that have been buried. Edit 3: Here are the responses that I feel like answer this question best. It may be that none of these are right and it may be that all of them are (it seems like the answer to this question is a combination of things), but here are the top 3 answers (sorry if this oversimplifies things): Even though all of the governments are in debt, they are all in debt to each other, so the money works out. If they were all to somehow simultaneously pay each other back, the money would hypothetically even out, but this is both impossible and impractical. Money is actually created through inflation and interest, so there is more money on earth that there is value because interest creates money out of nowhere. For the most part, countries do not owe each other but their citizens and various banks. So the banks and people have the money and the government itself is in debt. Therefore, every country’s government can be in debt because they owe the banks, which are in surplus.here's a way for all of us to be in debt, but for the money to work out fine: I borrow $5 from you, then i go ahead and loan it to greg, he uses it to loan money to you when you tell him that you loaned me your last $5. we have a total "debt" of $15 between the 3 of us, and only $5 exists, but if you give your $5 back to greg, and it goes back around the circle, all the debt is paid with a single $5 bill. now make it countries, make it millions, and start charging interest ***edits: yes, millions in small cases, billions in large (not usually trillions at once) and the interest destablizes the equation some, but often times the interest can be payed for in different ways like: -bartered goods (North Korea recently cut a deal with cuba to upgrade their missiles in exchange for 200,000 bags of sugar quick source ) -Military favors "let me build a navy base on your coast and we can forgive some of the debt" -Political Favors "Help me convince neighbouring country in your region to do ______." Or alternatively "Vote this way in the UN on THIS topic, make a good speech"
I have tried, but I do not understand the game of cricket. I have watched it for hours, read the Wikipedia page, and tried to follow games through highlights. No luck. I don't get it. The score changes wildly, the players move at random, the crowd goes wild when nothing happens. What's going on?!?Here's a 6 minute video which explains the basics very well. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3Aea0BR26k&feature=related Imagine if baseball only had 1st base. When the batsman hits the ball and runs to the other end of the pitch (1st base) it's one run. If he's got time to carry on running before the ball comes back, he runs back(home base). That would be 2 runs. If he hits the ball all the way to the boundary(fence), it's four runs. If he hits the ball over the boundary without it touching the ground(home run) it's six runs. There's 11 players to a team but you need one player at each end (home plate and first base). So when the batsman hits the ball and is running to the other end, his teammate will be running in the other direction (1st base to home plate). So the bowler(pitcher) bowls the ball at the batsman(batter). The batsman is stood in front of the Wicket.(Those pieces of wood sticking out the ground behind him.) The batsman is out if, he misses the ball and it hits the wicket. (Bowled) he hits the ball and is caught. (Caught) he hit the ball and tries to run to the other end but the fielders get the ball back and hit The Wicket with it before the batsman has made it back. Run Out).
While life definitely doesn't HAVE to be water-dependent, water is so good at sustaining life that it's a likely candidate. Consider that water: Can help two major types of chemical reaction to occur. (For the science-lovers: It is amphoteric and protic and thus can act as a base or an acid to catalyze many types of reactions) It can hold of a lot of different things in it, such as salt and sugar, essential to life as we know it, as well as waste products of cells. (It is quite polar [i.e. has slightly positive and negatively charged regions] and thus can dissolve nearly any molecule with a polar group on it.) It is a liquid over a wide range of temperatures, and we would expect that you'd need life to start in a liquid because you need nutrients to be able to flow easily toward an organism and waste to be able to flow away. (A range of 100 degrees Celsius; ammonia is quite similar to water but a liquid only in a range of ~45 degrees Celisus.) It floats as a solid. (If temperatures DID dip below the freezing point, the solid phase would float and life would not be crushed or frozen inside) Water is very stable and hard to break apart. (Otherwise, it would rapidly disappear)
Here is a quote from Hellen Keller recalling what her thought processes were like before she was introduced to language. Sure, it's not exactly what you're looking for, but I think it provides some insight. The World I Live In by Hellen Keller, Page 37 Before my teacher came to me, I did not know that I am. I lived in a world that was a no-world. I cannot hope to describe adequately that unconscious, yet conscious time of nothingness. I did not know that I knew aught, or that I lived or acted or desired. I had neither will nor intellect. I was carried along to objects and acts by a certain blind natural impetus. I had a mind which caused me to feel anger, satisfaction, desire... When I wanted anything I liked,--ice-cream, for instance, of which I was very fond,--I had a delicious taste on my tongue (which, by the way, I never have now), and in my hand I felt the turning of the freezer. I made the sign, and my mother knew I wanted ice-cream. I "thought" and desired in my fingers. Thought without language, at least from what can be gleaned from Hellen Keller's own observations, is made up of basic desires, habits, and emotions (anger and satisfaction). Complex thoughts aren't really possible without a language to build ideas out of. So thoughts like you're having, even by just asking a question such as the one you posted are really only possible because you have a language that you can think with.
Galaxies are big and slow, Pluto is small and fast. The Triangulum galaxy is so far away that it's essentially at infinite distance for our purposes. You can point a telescope at it and let the exposure sit for months if you want a clear picture of it. The minor changes in angle as the Earth and telescope move are insignificant at that distance. Pluto is far, but not nearly that far. A telescope that's trying to look at Pluto must actively track Pluto's movement to keep it in focus. Throw in the fact that Pluto is rotating and you get a blurry streak if you try to take a long exposure image of it. edit: Also, the New Horizons probe will make a very close flyby of Pluto in 2015, which should provide us some excellent high-resolution images of Pluto and Charon. edit 2: Others are bringing up some additional excellent points that should go in the top comment: Rasori discusses the lighting issue with an object as faint as pluto Exscape discusses the angular size of pluto in relation to some other commonly imaged objects
Not into stocks or shares or anything. Just a workin' class dude. Woke up and saw a couple people posting their debts are paid off. What just happened and how behind the times am I?As someone who's taking an interest in the technology behind Bitcoin, I'll give you a short overview. The coins are "mined" by folks crunching numbers. You can mine your own bitcoins by having your computer (specifically, your graphics card) solve some equations. The integrity of the network is preserved by a running log of everything everyone ever did (meaning, from the first coins mined to the last coin spent - it's all written down in a journal). The network is secure because accounts are protected by private keys and the SHA256 algorithm used to protect the contents is (currently) more or less impenetrable. The transaction log is nearly impossible to fake out because if you try to do something you're not technically able to (as in, transfer coins from an account which doesn't hold enough), your transaction is flagged by a disagreeing node as invalid. The transaction is then passed around until a consensus is reached as it its validity; if less than 50% of the nodes think you should be able to make the transaction then it is voided. The algorithm is self-correcting for mining rates, meaning that the first guys to crunch a few numbers got coins every 10 minutes and now that thousands of people are mining with fast hardware, it's become more difficult so that the 10 minute average is maintained.
Where actors get named in the Billing is mostly a matter of convention, plus a bit of ego. Top Billing is for the actor playing the main character. Last billing, often highlighted by using "And" or "with" is used for a more prominent actor used in a minor role. Sometimes the last billing will also specify the role played: in the James Bond movies, the last billing is "and Judi Dench as 'M'" because she's a heavyweight actor but a bit part. In STAR WARS, Mark Hamill got top billing (though an unknown, he was the hero), followed by Harrison Ford, Carrie Fisher, Peter Cushing (Grand Moff Tarkin, fwiw), "and Alec Guinness". Alec Guinness got Last Billing, with an "And", because he was the most famous actor in the picture, but he only has like 20 minutes of screen time.Sometimes they use "And" billing for a new actor, even if they're the main star. Frankie Muniz got "And" billing in Malcolm in the Middle, despite being the titular character. It's also done as "Introducing..." though that's typically for films as it doesn't make sense to keep introducing an actor in a role they play for multiple years.
EDIT: Clearly from my post history you can tell I am not a gov't official attempting to get you to tell me incriminating information, I just want to know what all has been leaked to the public. The media is retarded and I hate reading the news.A followup question: I know what information was revealed by the leak, but I'm curious what was actually leaked. By which I mean what documents did he actually leak as proof and so on. I remember seeing a powerpoint that was leaked, but I'm curious if there are any other documents that are available on the web to read?I agree with you, that is the main reason I made this post.A powerpoint presentation from the NSA detailing how everything was collected, and admitting that the NSA was collecting the data. Everybody sort of already "suspected" that the NSA was capturing all of this data, but by leaking the presentation, there was a confirmation that this was the case. Snowden's crime was delivering proof and confirmation of something everybody already knew about.The Guardian has some documents up for you to read, you can find them .
"Shares": Usually refers to a stocks, or "equity" in a company. When you own company stock you are, in effect, a part owner of the company. For example, Apple has over 938 million shares owned by investors. If you were to buy a single share of Apple stock, you would own 1/938,000,000 of the company. Being a shareholder technically entitles you to your share of the company's future profits, though different companies handle this in different ways. Some pay dividends to shareholders from their profits on a regular basis and some just reinvest their profits in the company to promote growth and increase the stock price. Stocks appreciate or depreciate in value depending on the company's performance and how investors expect it to perform in the future. If Apple's profits are expected to rise their stock will likely appreciate in value because more investors will want to buy the stock, and if their profits are expected to drop, your share will likely depreciate in value because more investors will want to sell. In the event of a company's bankruptcy, shareholders are the last ones to get their money back after the company's creditors (bondholders, basically). Many times during a bankruptcy the shareholders get nothing. Bonds: Bonds are a debt instrument. If you own a bond, you own part of a company's or government's debt. Some bonds are coupon bonds, meaning the issuer needs to pay the bond holder a certain amount annually or semiannually, and some bonds only pay their face value upon maturity. Here's an example. Let's say Netflix needs to finance a major project that's going to cost them $50 million. Netflix might issue for $750 each 66,666 10-year bonds with a face value of $1000 to investors. Let's say the bond has a semiannual coupon of $50. If you buy one of those bonds, Netflix will have to pay you $50 twice a year for as long as you hold the bond, and then in 10 years when the bond reaches maturity you get the full $1000. In the event of a company bankruptcy, creditors (i.e. bondholders) get their money back before shareholders, although it might not be the full value of what they are owed.
It seems so obvious that there must be an underlying reason why they don't. EDIT: Thanks for everyone who chimed in. Unfortunately, like three of the top four most upvoted replies are jokes, so you kinda have to dig down to find an actual answer. I like Lucas_Steinwalker's. EDIT 2: Check out the responses from the RES team, honestbleep and solidwhetstoneHi. I'm way late to this party and will never be seen, but I'm the guy who wrote RES! There's a lot of half-good information in here... i'll try and clarify a few things... I want to make very clear that Reddit has never offered to hire me. One time, during a stint where they did want to do some hiring, they offered to let me skip their "test" process and go straight to an interview. This is not a job offer. I politely declined, as I was happily and stably employed, etc. I will say, however, that there is truth to the fact that I love Chicago too much to leave... All I ever wanted since I was a little kid was season tickets to the Blackhawks... I have them now, and I can't fathom letting them go just yet. 2) There's only some truth to the "it would be more server load" argument. A lot of things would require virtually no extra server load. For example, the "full comments" link is an absurdly simple thing that Reddit could add but doesn't. I'm not criticizing them for this, mind you -- they may not believe it's best for all users to have that link as it adds yet another link to every item on the page, etc... but it certainly wouldn't increase server load. The vast majority of RES's features requires little to no database related stuff, and would likely not increase server load in a measurable way.
I admit i'm not very aware of the general atrocities going on in the world, but suddenly India is all raping rape victims and killing reporters, and i'd like to understand it in a more profound way than what reading a couple of articles would result in. How the hell did it get here? Has it always been like this? WHY?Indian here. For the past decade or so, rape has been a constant fixture of the criminal landscape. Urban centres like Delhi, Mumbai and so on are just as affected as the rural areas. Our society has almost always dismissed these as the fault of the victim - blaming them for dressing provocatively, being out late at night, being in the company of young horny men and so on. A generally cunty cop-out, but one that society at large accepted for the many years that rapes went on unchecked. Surely it must be the fault of a lascivious young woman and not the WholesomeIndianMale™. In keeping with the general attitudes of civil society, cops act pretty shitty toward rape victims too. The reason rape is the #1 most under-reported crime in this country is because cops are assholes. They mock victims when compaints are being filed, insinuate that they are loose, easy women and frequently fail to follow up properly on rape cases (check out this particularly egregious situation - this is the norm for police conduct, not the exception). However, a few days ago, a girl got gang-raped, and had her insides all but scooped out with iron rods in New Delhi, our capital city. Unusually, she was accompanied by a male friend, at a fairly conservative hour, and was on a "sort of" public transport bus when it happened. This renders all previous cop-outs invalid - how could it be her fault?
When I first subscribed to this subreddit, it was awesome. I saw complex theories and practices written with wit and intelligence in a simple and concise manner. If you look at the front page now, there are really not too many posts that require the lens of a 5 year old. Rather, they are simple questions that require simple answers. They are not logically complex questions, that would require a simplified solution for the layman. Some examples: Hello i'm from Argentina, can someone explain why a black guy eating a watermelon is racist? ELI5: How Apple can publicly claim iPhone 5 is the thinnest smartphone in the world? ELI5: Why can places like Newegg ship UPS for free when it costs regular people so much money? ELI5: The Obama Birther Issue Explain like I'm 5 why the states with the highest average income, health metrics, and education levels are also the most liberal and nobody ever talks about it. Do these type of questions benefit from being described to a 5 year old? These are questions with pretty straightforward answers, and while they may not be suitable for a child, I think it's a waste of real estate in this subreddit when these questions would be much better directed in appropriate r/ask subreddits. I would think we should be seeing more posts like "Why do we stretch and why does it feel good when we do?" The actual answer probably requires some biology and science knowledge of anatomy, and benefits from having it's explanation suited for 5 year old. Also - if you check the number of "Answered" in this subreddit, it's not a high percentage. I think this because the questions are not worthy of a ELI5 explanation. I think we need to have more "big issue" posts, topic posts. EG - ELI5 - The Housing Bubble... or ELI5 Computer Languages Check this out: http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/j86h2/the_fiveyearolds_guide_to_the_galaxy/ This subreddit should be an ever-expanding version of this, right? Instead, we are bloated with a ton of posts that don't require ELI5, and it's ruining the creativity and unique edge this subreddit used to have. Can we band together and downvote questions that don't really require ELI5 and upvote ones that would make for an engaging answer? I hope so. Don't mean to come off negatively, I just want to see this subreddit return to domincance as an intriguing and enlightening subreddit. Not one filled with questions that probably belong in r/politics or r/technology or most appropriately r/askreddit. But maybe I'm wrong. I don't know. Thanks.This requires moderation, not community effort. In this and every other subreddit that gets popular and doesn't stay actively moderated to its original purpose, you see the same decay and the same periodical, popular, meta posts like this. It's a wonderful idea, but the reality is that sufficiently large communities cannot properly moderate themselves. This is an idea that has been discussed and dissected to death in r/theoryofreddit . Mods, please pay attention to OP's post. History shows us the community will not sort this out on its own.This same problem came up over at r/askhistorians, and though it's still a little muddy, the mods and the community have done a lot to keep questions like "What started WWII?" down. It's a combination and a team effort to ensure quality when a sub gets too large. Look at askreddit; go to the new section, and anything inane gets downvoted to oblivion. Sure, the top post on the front page of askreddit is a boring topic that gets to the top about once a week, but you can't win em all.
Thank you c:Educational psychologist here. Current psychological research has shown that the human thinking process is actually made up of at least three major parts: 1) The "sensory memory," 2) The "short term" (aka "working memory,") and 3) The "long term memory." The sensory memory subconsciously takes in all sensory input, such as what you touch, taste, smell, see, hear, etc, and decides what's important and what isn't important. Then it passes the information that it decides is important (like the fact that you see a plate of food on the table) on to the short term memory. Once that information hits the short term memory, that's when you become consciously aware of that info and realize "hey! there's a plate of food on that table!" Later, if the information was important enough, the knowledge that "there used to be a plate of food on that table" might be stored in the long term memory so that you can pull it back and think about it again if you ever need to. In a lot of ways, the short term memory is like a computer's processor, and the long term memory is like a computer's hard drive. So... what does that all have to do with why we are able to speak in our minds? Well, it turns out that the short term memory has some subcomponents that let us do some pretty cool stuff. One of those subcomponents is called our "phonological loop." It's the circuitry of brain cells connected to the short term memory that lets us "hear things" in our mind. It's the part of our brain's wiring that we're using when we have a song stuck in our head, or talk to ourselves in our head, or even remember what a person said to us once. We have other subcomponents that are similar, but for other senses, as well. One of these is called the "visuospatial sketchpad," and it's what allows you to see images in your short term memory, such as remembering what your favorite shirt looks like, or what your first car looked like, etc.
It seems like bribery. I'm sure it's not (or else it would be illegal). What am I missing here?It sounds like you're asking about lobbyists who donate money to politicians campaigns. Lobbying itself is not bribery, it's just speaking to people who have power and trying to influence them. Political contributions by lobbyists are not bribery for a couple of reasons: The money is not a quid pro quo. You don't hand a check to politician and then tell them how to vote, and politicians do not always vote depending on who gave them money. Now yes, a politician is probably going to be influenced by big donors, but not always. If they don't side with you, then you can decide not to donate again. But you can't ask for your money back, or threaten them because you paid them and they didn't do what you wanted. Thus the only incentive to side with you (aside from your incredibly persuasive intellectual arguments) is that you MAY donate to their campaign again. Oppositely, once you've made a contribution, they have your money and can do what they please. You can't get it back. The money is tracked. Campaigns are required to disclose who gave them money. Lobbyists are required to disclose who they gave money to, and they are required to disclose who pays them to lobby. The money is limited (at least for direct contributions to a campaign). There is a limit to how much each individual and business can give to a single campaign. PACs and other organizations are another story for another time.
Hemp: 30,000 tons grown in 2004 worldwide, most of it China - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hemp#Producers Cotton: 25,000,000 tons grown each year - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cotton#Leading_producer_countries EDIT: Alright, people, thanks! Most upvoted is HULK-SMAAASH comment, so I guess that's the answer. I personally liked JorusC and PossiblyLying 's replies just as much. Also skinnyhulk with hands-on experience. Also (late edit) KhabaLox with an authentic ELI5-type answer.Having grown hemp over 'ere in the UK I have this to say. Good points: It is a very fast growing bulk crop It does not require much fertiliser it typically only requires a small amount of potash per Ha. Prevents soil erosion. We got about 14tonnes to the acre last year. It grows in many soils. Bad points Harvesting. there are several ways to harvest Dessication, traditional or forage. This may sound good but dessication requires copious amounts of glyphosate and requires a bloody tall sprayer. our crop was about 9ft high. Traditional combine harvesting requires constant cleaning of the headers whrn harvesting hemp as the natural fibres wrap around everything. It is also hard to harvest at the right moisture content as across the crop the moisture content varies so much. Forage is really the only way to harvest however 9ft high crops tend to be hard to mow. Then a forage harvester picks it up and either bales it or blows it into a trailer. This makes it more expensive to harvest. The price of hemp at sale is very low. Roughly -90% less than wheat.
Source: http://www.theverge.com/2013/4/13/4220954/google-yahoo-microsoft-technet-cispa-support/in/2786603 edit: Thanks for the response everyone! Guess its true they'd rather protect themselves than you, tough to blame them for thatthere is a provision in CISPA that gives companies immunity to civil liability if they hand over private data related to a law enforcement investigation. this immunity is worth alot of money to the companies. they'd rather have legal immunity than take a stand on protecting your privacy.Wait, so do they just give the information away or does the government or investigating force have to ask for that information?This in itself doesn't seem bad in the sense that a liability could interfere with a trial using these, previously, questionable means. CISPA in itself, in my opinion is not evil. It is the overreaching nature in which we perceive, mostly correctly, that the government will overstep it's bounds and companies will be powerless to respond.Let's see what happens when people start getting jail sentences because a corporation gave away their information and it gets out onto social media. No consideration for backlash?
It used to be just a minor annoyance but now it's getting to the point where about 75% of all ELI5 posts reaching the front page are better suited to be on /r/askreddit or r/answers, or sometimes even /r/askscience. Seeing how /r/explainlikeimfive has recently reached 100k readers, I think it's time to address this issue. It seems like people are taking advantage of ELI5 more laid-back attitude and small-yet-noticeable subscription count to post questions that would never see the light of day on other subreddit. This subreddit's purpose is to be, as the sidebar states: A friendly place to ask questions and get elementary school-level answers, without fear of judgement. Take note of what kind of posts used to reach ELI5's front page during its early days: Why is x0 = 1? How do Trust Funds actually work? How does HTTP work? What is fire and how does it work? Notice how each of these posts is a complex subject or question, and how many of the comment literally make the answer simple enough for a five year old to understand. Now let's take a look at what has reached the ELI5 front page over the last week: Why doesn't Reddit simply hire the guy who makes Reddit Enhancement Suite (RES) and make those features part of Reddit? How is downloading movies/books online any different than going to your local library to check out movies/books for free? Why some of my friends think Che Guevera is a hero, and others say he is a bad dude? Why do British people sound American when they sing? None of these posts is complex nor addresses anything that requires explaining. Much of the posts are suggestive or simply provocative, and ALL of them would fit better in other subreddits. The answers to these posts are never fit for 5 year olds, and are no different from /r/Askreddit answers. The subreddit has lost its way. I understand that the admins here want to make the community in charge of what reaches the front page and what gets filtered out, but sometimes forced, strict moderating is what you have to do. No need to go all the way into the no-memes-or-any-kind-of-fun zone where /r/askscience lies, but letting stagnation, new redditors and circlejerkers take over isn't the answer either (See /r/atheism, /r/classicrage, r/gaming or what /r/circlejerk used to be a mere month ago). So please admins, if this post tries to say anything is that you should have stricter rules about which submissions should and should not go on /r/explainlikeimfive. Be a little bit more delete-happy, and try to make the subreddit more like the great video found in the sidebar.Agreed. I used to enjoy this subreddit much more when the questions were simple questions about everyday things, which I'd never really thought about. I used to find it a fun challenge to come up with five-year old explanations to things I thought I understood well. I explained things like comparative advantage, why chillis taste hot, or how computer viruses or operating systems work, and I learnt a lot in the process. There are still good posts here, but they are fewer and farther between than they were. A lot of the current questions just don't have clear answers. They're not everyday, complex but well understood things that need to be explained simply, they're vague, political, uncertain things, or matters of personal taste or preference. There is no clear five year old answer to 'What should be done in the middle east"; There just isn't.The chicken pox question was one of the worst eli5 threads recently. It was more explaining like they were 50 year old scientists. I actually addressed this issue in there and still people continued to explain it like a scientist with chemical formulas and so on below me. This post was completely necessary
I see them turning knobs the entire time...are they just adjusting the volume?First of all, we need to talk about the difference between a DJ and a Producer. A Producer makes music A DJ plays music That said, keep in mind that almost all Producers are also DJs (but NOT many DJs are Producers). Think about it: with any instrument, lots of people play other people's songs, but very few end up good enough to write their own. Same thing. In any case, all the big name DJs you hear of are famous for songs they PRODUCED, (though most of them are, as you might expect, incredible DJs as well). All the DJs you named are both. Finally, as a bunch of other people on this thread said already, there are also DJs that actually produce (make) music live. That's pretty cool, but also much more rare, so I don't think that's what you're talking about. So, what is a DJ doing up there in his (or her) little box. Well, a number of things: Picking songs It's not enough to just pick a good song or even a good dance song to be a good DJ; you need to pick a song that goes well with the last song you played. This is very difficult to do for 3 hours straight unless you know A LOT of music REALLY WELL (which is one of the most important things that makes the best DJs so good). Sometimes, DJs just "know" what songs go well with other songs (practice helps a lot), but other times, they need to listen to both songs being played at the same time to figure out whether they mesh or not. So, while a song is playing on the speakers, the DJ will play another song in his headphones and, listening to both at the same time, decide whether they go well together.
[deleted]I'm going through the comments on many Thatcher threads, news article comments and forums - and there is a lot of happiness over her death - parties, celebrations, pints. I think it'd be worthwhile explaining why she is hated.In the 1980's the British economy was struggling. To get the country out of the mess it was in, she decided to deregulate the banks, sell government owned companies, and get rid of "out-dated" forms of industry, and manufacturing eg: coal mining. This made a lot of people, mainly public sector workers and "blue collar" workers, lose their jobs. The coal miners especially were upset and striked for a long time, however this didn't do any good and in the end they still lost their jobs and livelihoods. This also decimated towns that were built near the mines, turning them into ghost towns filled with unemployed. It also ushered in the era of the UK being a finance based economy, as opposed to manufacturing, which although made some people very rich in the short term did not provide a long term solution to the UK's problems. It can be argued that the current problems in the UK economy are directly due to the changes she instigated, and which the following prime ministers didn't, and couldn't/wouldn't change. So that in a nutshell is why a lot of people really hate her.
I work overnights and find this very annoying since I can't go straight to bed when I get home EDIT: Apparently I need a more exciting job and/or experiment with cocaine and crystal meth. Thanks for all the responses guys. Think I might take up drinking before bed as well. Let's all meet at the bar at 7 am. First rounds on me!You hate your job.I want your response to stay the top response, because I suspect it really does cut to the meat of the problem. But I just want to add a couple of things. When you're sleepy but you're staying up, your body releases stress chemicals to help you out. They build up all night, and by the time you leave work, they're pretty near peak. Furthermore, all earth organisms have a VERY VERY powerful internal daily scheduler. It is reinforced by light cues, but can operate independently of them. So when you walk out of work, not only is your body saying, "okay, its morning, time to be awake!" but this information is being corroborated by all the light you're getting.Correct and it's a legit ELI5 response.Also, poor (i.e. overly bright flourescent) lighting.
The reason for the straight frame "nut crusher" design is to make it stronger. Remember when they told you that triangles are strong? If you look at a "men's" bike frame you see that it is made of two large triangles, meaning it can take a bigger weight, can survive bigger falls and can be made lighter (by having thinner walled tubes) for the same strength. If you wear skirts you can't have that advantage so the "woman" style frame was created. With advances in materials the strength has become less of an issue (except in high performance biking) but the social stigma of a "girls bike" keeps most men from rising one. Interestingly when I lived in Japan every single bike was the lower barred "girl frame" style, presumably because they don't have he same stigma and are more convenient.I live in China. Same thing here. There are "nut crusher" frames around, but they are far less common. As you say, the advances in materials make the need for the "nut crusher" bar irrelevant for all but the highest end cycles. A lower bar is easier for 99% of cycling uses.
I've always wondered why razor refills are so expensive. It seems like they shouldn't cost that much to make. Is it some sort of razor company conspiracy?It is a business model that's been widely adopted. They sell the razor handle itself rather cheaply, but then make huge profits on the blades. The blades are made to not be interchangeable, so you have to buy the blades from them. BWAH HA HA HA! This model has been so successful that it was adopted by makers of inkjet printers. They sell the printers themselves quite cheaply (sometimes below the actual cost of production) and then charge very high prices for ink refill cartridges.Jokes on everyone because I shave with inkjet printersTo get technical, the handle is called a loss leader, "a product sold at a low price, at or below its market cost to stimulate other sales of more profitable goods or services".And this is why I got a shavette straight razor. Disposable blades, 10 bucks for 200 of them. Better shave, no razor burn and more "manly". Only downside is you can't shave in a hurry (unless your a master)...or hung over (unless your a drunken master)
I know this may be a dumb question, but I'm curious. Obviously the band/orchestra has practiced the song a million times prior to a live performance. Do the musicians still follow the conductor's lead, or do they just play from memory? Edit: Wow! I've had no idea this would get such a huge response. Thank you for the answers guys, I've learned a lot of interesting things today!!From where you sit in an orchestra, you do not hear every other instrument clearly. This impacts some more than others, but there are people (from experience - the pianist) who can't hear most of the other players - for them the conductor is absolutely essential. Also, a lot of classical repertoire, especially music from the 19th century onward, requires constant speeding up and slowing down, either in the form of tempo changes or as rubato (bending the rhythm for a few notes for dramatic effect) which is hard to do without a conductor. Also, the conductor is the only person to hear every instrument roughly like an audience member. Thus, they are the only person in an orchestra (assuming a large ensemble) who can hear which sections are too loud and which are too soft, and a large part of the conductor's job is telling individual instruments to change their volume. That said, there are many smaller ensembles and orchestras, particularly those playing baroque and pre-baroque music, that don't play with conductors.As an opera singer, having a good conductor in the pit is like having your mother watch over you. You feel much more secure performing. The first time I did a Puccini opera, "La Boheme," the orchestra sounded so cloudy from the stage, it was hard to hear the beat. With all of the uneven phrase structures and tempo changes, a conductor is absolutely essential.
How can they afford to have 2 F1 teams. Sponsor Felix Baumgartner. Sponsor the Air Race and numerous different extreme sports. Yet all the seem to sell is Redbull energy drinks. They cant make that much money can they?Food technology business guy here. Keep in mind that the operating and manufacturing costs for soft drinks are ridiculously low. Food technology is pretty much just a basic set of chemicals that are essentially commodities (i.e., all products are nearly identical, so they all have an insanely low price). Because of the lengthy FDA GRAS (Generally Recognized as Safe) approval cycle, the majority of breakthroughs in food science today are just better ways to combine these different chemicals to get a certain recipe/application functionality, flavor, umami, or mouthfeel. It's not rocket surgery. Of the ingredients that go into a soft drink, the highest cost will invariably be the packaging (the can) and the packaging coating (e.g., the chemical coating on the inside to make it food-safe). Everything else (phosphates, water, sugar, caffeine and its derivatives, dyes, flavoring...) is an industrial chemical that can be bought for a few hundred bucks a ton. Even carbonation is a technology that has been around since the 19th century. It's a well-perfected process. The real money is in the marketing. Sustain a decade-long "Red Bull gives you wings" campaign and Red Bull's name becomes permanently beamed into people's minds when they think of energy drinks. So Red Bull can absolutely ask a brazillian dollars for a can that really only costs them a few cents to make. More for sugarfree or zero-calorie versions that takes virtually no extra effort to manufacture. Marketing is where the whole becomes worth more than the sum of its parts.
What happened, why are some people agreeing with him, what made him do what he did, the whole nine yards.Dorner was terminated on September 4, 2008, for filing a report concerning the conduct of fellow police officer, Teresa Evans (now a sergeant), for excessive force, which the police claim is false. Dorner accused Officer Evans of kicking suspect Christopher Gettler in the face while he was handcuffed and lying on the ground. An internal review board concluded that Dorner had falsified his report despite the corroborating statements of the kicking victim and of Gettler's father.[13] Dorner cited his termination and sworn testimony that such excessive force did occur Side 1: Dorner was fired for blowing the whistle on a cop using excessive force. Long story short - he was called a liar, and fired. People support him in this endeavor because even if he was mistaken and excessive force wasn't used, he shouldn't have been fired for just watching the public's back, myself included. It probably makes more sense to say "I support what happened was immoral" rather than to say "I support Dorner." On February 9, 2013, the LAPD announced that it would reopen the disciplinary proceedings that led to Dorner's firing I think the LAPD messed up, and I hope this will lead to some changes in law enforcement, especially the amount of people that were caught in the crossfire of the man hunt (1 killed, 2 injured IIRC).
I don't recall ever being given an option to use another browser than safari on any of my macs. http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-21684329Really the reason is that several years ago Microsoft was involved in an antitrust case in the EU over their browsers. As part of the settlement agreement, they agreed to put a message allowing users to chose their browser. This got removed somehow in a Windows 7 update. As per their agreement, they were fined. If the EU wanted to pursue apple over this they would have to go to court and everything, because the fines are the results of a specific agreement between Microsoft and the EU.Did MS just fuck up, think no one would notice or did they think the fine was worth it?I'm not certain if the EU antitrust case is similar to the one in the US (upon further investigation, it stemmed from similar things), but Apple's implementation of Safari is not like Microsoft's in their US antitrust case. In those days, it was harder to get another browser (you pretty much had to pay for it in a brick-and-mortar store or spend a long time downloading). It was alleged that Microsoft was using its APIs to make download and operation of alternative browsers more difficult (Edit: removal of IE is what allegedly made Windows slower). Additionally, Microsoft was conspiring with PC manufacturers (remember, unlike Apple, Microsoft's product is not generally run on Microsoft machines) to bundle software in order to get a foot in the door and squash competition. Microsoft had a lot of leverage with PC manufacturers since Windows was the default OS for most people. It wasn't just that they included IE with Windows.
I think it would be a safe assumption that being a productive, hard working individual is advantageous from an evolutionary perspective. You can tell we are programmed as such since after a hard workout at the gym or nailing a big presentation at work our brain's reward system tells us we did a good job and releases endorphins/dopamine/whatever. That being said...why do I have no other desire than to lounge around with a pizza and a blanket and watch Netflix all day? And isn't it interesting that when you do that, later on you typically feel bad about the fact that you weren't productive and sat on your ass all day? Busting my ass and doing great things gives me such greater pleasure than being lazy, but being lazy always seems like a much better option than busting my ass. Scumbag brain. EDIT: Look I understand that biologically we are wired to conserve energy...but that doesn't explain the cognitive dissonance in my brain where it tells me to be lazy but at the same time beats me up for doing so. EDIT 2: I think all i've learned from this debate is that I have a fundamentally flawed understanding of evolution. Hahaha EDIT 3: And the lightbulb finally went off. I get what everyone is saying now I think. So if i'm understanding everything right, the means to propagating our genes ARE hard coded into our DNA, but that hard coding tells us to be lazy as a result of millions of years of evolution as opposed to few thousands of years of living in civilized society that probably had little to no effect on our genetic makeup. I think what I was trying to say was that evolution has been favorable to those who are adaptable, and those who can adapt to our current society the best will reap the most rewards, allowing most potential to propagate our genes. I hope that made sense...i'm thoroughly confused now and my brain hurts.
For the past month tension on the Korean peninsula has been heating up, with North Korea making many multiple threats involving nuclear weapons. The rhetoric has especially been heated the past week. If you have any questions about the Korean crisis, please ask here. All new threads will be deleted and moved here for the time. Remember: avoid bias, use citations, and keep things simple. This thread will be stickied temporarily for at least a couple days, perhaps longer. EDIT: people keep asking the same question, so I'll put the answer up here. North Korea has a virtually zero chance of hitting mainland United States with a missile. Do not be afraid of this happening.Quick summary of recent events and the situation in general: On April 1st, the DPRK issued a full declaration of war that can be read in full here: http://live.reuters.com/Event/North_Korea/70001409 Sadly, this was not an April Fool's prank, although we'd all like the DPRK a lot better if it was. Most of this "document" is rhetoric and rambling that seems to have been translated by a 5 year old, so I won't summarize it. At this point, we were pretty sure the DPRK was just posturing. Later that day, China began mobilizing it's troops to the DPRK border. The details can be read here: http://freebeacon.com/border-patrol/ China almost certainly will not actually intervene in the event of a war and seems to be preparing to control it's borders in case refugees try to flee into their country. There's a possibility Chinese intelligence knows something we don't, or they could just be doing a "just in case" thing because of the DPRK's declaration of war. The world is still not too worried, DPRK is probably just posturing. Fast forward to yesterday and the DPRK has now vowed "actual military action". Not really many details, but the source is here:
Apologies if this has already been posted but I couldnt find it. So anyway, what will this ruling mean and what will change because of it?You're the lucky first one! Generally it means that if your state approves of your gay marriage the federal government must recognize it as well. This doesn't mean gay marriage is legal everywhere, but it means gay marriage, where it's legal, will be more equal than it was before this ruling.so my gay friends were legally married in DC but live in NC (where we just passed an amendment ruling gay marriage unconstitutional in the state). Will they receive the federal benefits because they were legally married, even it's not recognized in their state of residence? Also, does this decision affect NC's Amendment 1 and similar laws in any way?Their Prop 8 ruling was probably the best thing that could happen for Gay Rights advocates. It is much easier to take the fight state by state than push for wholesale change. Numbers show that most if not all states will have a majority support for gay marriage by 2023.
You see posts like these from time to time. It claims that the animals near the radiation zone and in the zone are thriving because of the lack of human presence. Humans aren't there because radiation sickness hurts, so why aren't the animals dying as well?In order to overdose on tylenol, you have to take a large amount in a short period of time. Similarly, "radiation sickness" or acute radiation injury requires a large dose of radiation in a short amount of time. The radiation dose rate isn't high enough inside the disaster zone to trigger this effect (with the exception of areas inside the reactor building itself edit and a few other localized areas of high contamination). Ionizing radiation damages DNA, and your body has many DNA repair mechanisms. A large dose of radiation in a short period of time can overload those mechanisms, leading to radiation injury. The reason humans aren't allowed to live there isn't because of radiation sickness. It is because the elevated amounts of radiation would lead to slightly increased cancer risks. Many people ignore the orders and continue to live there. You can read about them here.There was actually an excellent series done on this by PBS regarding how the animal kingdom has thrived in the exclusion zone. Even with the elevated levels causing twice the birth defects, it's still a haven for animals. Link to video Link to article about video (in case you don't have an hour to spend watching it)
It seems more cost/fuel efficient to make cars with lower top speeds (no higher than 10 or so mph over the speed limit), but also I'm an idiot so who knows. I understand why sports cars are fast, but why would a Toyota Camry need to have the capability of going 120 mph?People like cars that can accelerate quickly (vroom-vroom!), which requires a semi-powerful motor. We also want an efficient vehicle that gets good gas mileage, so we have transmissions with gears that let the engine run at low speeds even while the car is going fast (80 mph). The thing is, the engine still has a lot more power to offer and therefore the car can produce much more top end speed than is needed. Think of it like running - you can't sprint for very long, but you can jog for a long time. If 80 mph is to be efficient for a car, that can't be it's top speed, since that would mean the engine is working it's hardest. You want to cruiiise along. TL,DR: It is a side effect of efficiency. Edit: Thanks for the gold!Exactly this. There are some older cars not working very well that top out at 75. That is pedal to the metal for them. You are probably aware of these 'cars', they are the ones that take forever to speed up on the on ramp, and are still going 55 a 1/2 mile farther down the express way.
Recently a friend asked me if I had seen the X-Files, and when I said yes, asked me to explain the overarching alien storyline to him. I watched all the episodes when the show was on TV, but the best I could muster was a half-hearted ramble about aliens, and rebel aliens, and alien hybrids, and some black oil, and maybe the Nazis were there? And the Anasazi were there? I tried Googling a synopsis, but everybody wants to write a 50,000 work dissertation on the nuances of the show when I'm really only looking for a concise answer. What was actually happening with the aliens on The X-Files? Edit: The truth was out there, specifically in djonesuk's comment. Thanks djonesuk!The X-Files plot arc was about a group of people (The Syndicate) who were trying to negotiate with an alien species (The Colonists) that was intent on taking over the world, wiping out humankind in the process. First contact with the aliens occurred in 1947, when one of their spacecraft crash landed in the desert in New Mexico. In the face of the inevitability that the superior alien intelligence and technology would ultimately beat them, a small group of powerful men negotiated an agreement that humanity would be allowed to continue in the form of an alien-human hybrid. The Syndicate spent most of its time helping The Colonists develop the hybrids by keeping them supplied with human foetuses. However, they were also covertly working on a vaccine that would save humanity from this awful fate. Unfortunately, The Colonists had lied to The Syndicate about what their plans were. The Black Oil that was supposed to create a human-alien slave race, was in fact a virus that created aliens inside the human host and their true intention was to wipe out humanity and take the planet for themselves. The Syndicate's discovery of this betrayal led The Colonists to develop a race of Super Soldiers to ensure that the colonisation of Earth would not be prevented. The series ends with the revelation that the alien invasion is due to start in December 2012, the end of the Mayan calendar.
EDIT: A lot of the questions posed lately could be answered in normal unsimplified language and a 5 year old could still comprehend it. Its the questions that would be hard for a 5-year old to grasp if explained accurately and with the terms and words applicable to the subject that need to be asked here. Examples of what i mean are here HERE There are lots more. Please for topics that arent complicated or hard to understand but you still wish to get more information please use r/askreddit. Complicated matters may include things like nuclear science, chemistry, mathmatic, real estate, financial matters, psychology etc. Not things like "how does fantasy football work" Some people don't share my views on this and that is fine! Everyone has an opinion. In the mean time i think what some of us wanted here were Complicated things Simplified. Laymans terms. So i created a subreddit for it.Why /AskReddit instead of /Answers? I always thought that /AskReddit was for to ask people subjective questions or their personal opinions, whereas /Answers was more factually-oriented, like ELI5 is. Here's my mental flowchart for navigating through these related subs: Can it be explained in dead-simple English? If yes-->/ELI5 If no: 2) Is it science-related? If yes-->/AskScience If no: 3) Is it social science-related? If yes-->/AskSocialScience If no: 4) Is the question subjective? If yes-->/AskReddit If no: 5) For all others-->/Answers Is my understanding of the distinction between these subs correct?
I don't understand why massive amounts of money are safe enough for use on online transactions but voting on local and national elections through the internet isn't a thing yet.Voting needs to be anonymous and have a trusted trail. Paper ballots fit this bill perfectly. You walk into the booth alone and cast your ballot. No matter who someone else told you to vote for they can't control that actual ballot. The election is staffed by people from all major parties and ballots are put into counting machines, etc, in public view. A computer usually tallies the results to make it faster but if there is an issue then they can be hand counted. Online banking is not anonymous and everything you do is recorded. If there is a problem they can pull logs of your IP, login attempts, transactions, everything that was done in your name. Both parties want to ensure they each know who the other is and what they are doing. Creating an internet system that allows someone to validate who they are so they can vote (only once) and yet doesn't store who they voted for is tough. Even if someone says the system is anonymous how can you be sure the NSA (or a company or whomever) isn't recording who you voted for to use against you later? Do you trust the company making the software to actually accept your vote for Kang rather than Kodos? What about an employer who doesn't give people time off of work to vote but allows them to vote on a special office computer? One that might have it's own tracking software or even just a camera in the ceiling to record who votes for who.
Reddit seems to usually support the notion that American's ideals of beauty are heavily influenced by the images and scenarios we see in the media, so much so that much of our behavior is impacted by the desire to conform to these standards. But reddit is very skeptical that violent images and scenarios in the media influence how Americans react to confrontation. Am I incorrectly lumping the proponents of these two views together? Or is there a simple, consistent way to hold both these views at the same time? EDIT: The question was very broad, so I apologize. Many people are assuming I am referring to spree killings or mass-shootings when I talk about violence, which is understandable because those are the incidents that cause this debate to resurface. However, I had more "common" violence in mind; gang violence, fights over women, domestic violence; Castle Doctrine inspired by "No Duty to Retreat"-style country westerns; vigilante justice in the style of Charles Bronson's "Death Wish."It's a good question, and I think it really has to do with attitude more than anything else. And attitude is important. It's entirely possible (even likely) that video games do influence people, but not necessarily in the ways you hear about in the media. The typical claim about video games, for example, is that they condition people to commit violent acts, or they make people more prone to engage in violence. And that's pretty absurd because millions upon millions of people play violent games and watch violent movies/TV without committing violent acts. That's what people get up in arms, so to speak, about. But that doesn't mean people aren't being influenced in any way. It's entirely plausible that people are being desensitized to the sight of violence, and that this changes the way they think about violence in the world. I was in high school when the Iraq war started, and I remember that kids wanted to watch the coverage on the news so they could see the bombs dropping on Baghdad. And it was this almost pretty kind of green night-vision view, with these glowing lights that were rockets and explosions.
The TI-89 Titanium retails for 200 US Dollars (can be found for about 130-140). The TI-89 has been around since 1998. Since then we've developed smart phones, tablets, kindles, etc. Why is the TI-89 still the standard when we could seemingly replace it with something much more powerful for the same or a lesser price?Blame CollegeBoard, the company that administers SAT and AP exams. They only allow certain specified models of Casion, HP, Radio Shack, Sharp, TI, and a few others. They're also very strict about NOT using app-based smartphones as a substitute in their tests. Further, many college math classes require them, and have stuck with particular models, especially TI, as they or their teaching assistants can help with those, but not some random app you downloaded last week. With students forced to buy these, and college stores stocking them as a result, TI has little incentive to innovate or bring the price down.TI does innovate. They just don't become popular. Check out the NSpireRelevant xkcd
We don't; we want them to die. It's harsh, but it's (relatively) true. If you look at your family tree 100, 200 or even 500 years back, you'll find out that your grandmothers churned out at least half a dozen babies in their lifetimes. Due to poverty or sickness, many of these poor kids died, but one or two would go on and have kids of their own. In better times, maybe three or four would survive, but due to war or terrible working conditions, they would die off in their teens or 20s, leaving very few children behind. Similarly the women, if not dying during childbirth, would die at what we now consider a relatively young age of around 50-60, because they wouldn't be able to support themselves. Fast forward to the 1940s, and we see countries with safe jobs, strong economies, and low mortality rates thanks to improved medicine and working conditions. Women still have 5 or 6 kids, and most of them survive... all the way through till now. Good for you, gramps - you're one of the Baby Boomers. And because these old people are staying fitter and healthier for longer, they're staying at work. No more quitting at 50 because of a bad back or arthritis; these guys just neck a few pills, take up some physiotherapy and carry on. This means that the younger kids can't move up the career path; the top jobs are all being held by people in their 60s or even 70s who have decades of experience and who still have all their marbles too. They're making all the money as well, so younger people earn less, and keep earning less well into their 40s.
I've just wondered what's the reason behind doing this, and why it seems to work for everything.Let's say you were playing a chess game, and suddenly noticed that somehow, a few moves ago, both of your bishops ended up on the same color. Now, neither you nor your opponent remember the moves that ended up with that position, so you can't "undo" them. However, you can't just keep playing, because the board is in an invalid position. So you guys get stuck trying to figure out what to do until one of you suggests just starting a new game. Taking all the pieces off the board and setting them up again in the starting position would fix the problem of your bishop being in the wrong spot, but you also lose the game in progress right now. That's - more or less - how rebooting your computer to fix a bug goes: it gets you out of the invalid position, but at the cost of everything else going on.This makes me want to start a subreddit called "explain it like I'm a 5 year old chess player".Truly an elegant explanation of a complicated event.
Aren't there laws against being overtly misleading in advertising?They offer 305mbit/s fiber residential service in certain metro areas - they are the fastest residential isp In those and likely other areas as well http://gigaom.com/2012/07/24/and-here-it-is-comcasts-305-mbps-tier/ edit: also they may be saying something like "fastest national ISP" because one-offs like Google Fiber are not a nation-wide ISP. And when they offer 305mbit/s vs FiOS' 300, they do have the edge in numbers too.exactly. all they need is 1 dude with super duper bandwidth to say they are the fastest ISP in the world. i always imagined the CEO having a crazy fiber line going to his house just to make that claim.Plus, usually somewhere in the ad, in fine print, where you'd need a magnifying glass to read it on a 100" screen, it probably says something like "based on broadband survey 9/2010" or something like that. Usually they disclose where the figure is coming from, and for all you know, they took the survey by running a speed test that favored them.
I am reteaching myself math, but something is bugging me soooo bad and I can't find the answer. What is a real life example of multiplying a fraction by a fraction? I was wondering why .05 to the 5th exponent would get smaller not bigger. This is driving me bonkers.Wow I cannot believe people are downvoting these threads solely because they want to be Mods (or don't want others to be mods).It's like top level law schools. Students rip out important pages in library books so no one else can study them.Internet moderators are a weird bunch, having been one. It's like that tiny little taste of power over people. It's an easy authority over a large group of masses with low responsibility. It's highly desirable on paper. But then you realize authority ain't shit, people still don't listen to you despite a colorful tag, and it just means dealing with drama. I'd do it again personally, it's kinda nice to be "in" for something you like. But it'd have to be as a hands off mod, I've tried to make shit work in small gaming communities (after struggling tooth and nail with other admins that hated me) and it's a fucking nightmare if you actually want to create change.
I get that they're usually just slightly older babies but sometimes it seems that they're fresh out of the womb. Surely they can't just bring one straight from the hospital when they're born.They're pretty much all several weeks old. Because if nothing else - to be in a film you need a bunch of paperwork filled out and filed, and that takes a couple of weeks to do. Also, newborn babies (ie 48 hours or less) are ugly as hell. Three week old babies are cute. But there's services in Hollywoodland wherein pregnant women register themselves and their due date, and when it comes time to shoot the baby scene the movie company calls up the baby service and says "Yeah, I need a black male - how many you got for next Thursday?" and the Service company makes some calls and comes up with a number - 3, 5, 10, whatever. That many black male babies of the apropriate 3-6 week age. So those mothers drag the kids over next Thursday (assuming the kid isn't sick, or whatever) and they shoot the scene with whichever one is cooperating the most with being covered in jelly[1] and shoved under hot bright lights. And there's your "birth" scene. A jelly covered confused child who is hot and blind. [1]It's not actually jelly, but probably dyed petrolum gel or some other similar fluid. You get the idea - something sticky looking that's red.
When I was in ninth grade, my history teacher was odd. I remember the Magna Carta being in 1215 and the bit I mentioned about the bible. But that's all. So true? False? Help?The King James Bible was commissioned by James I in the early 1600s. The Church of England was less than a century old and they were still bickering over translations of the bible into English. There had been a couple of attempts previously, but enough people were unhappy with them that James ordered a new one. This one ended up satisfying enough people for long enough that it became traditional.That, and the leaders of the Church of England (the Bishops) didn't approve of the Geneva Bible (they felt it insulted their church organization), which was wildly popular throughout England and* the continent. The KJB actually used the phrasing and wordings of several of the previous translations; when it was published, it had the support of the crown, which meant it had publishing power to outlast other translations (like the Geneva*)... part of the widespread popularity of the KJB was that about 50 years after it's initial publication, it was the only Bible available to buy. That, and with the spread of the British empire (to America, to India, etc), the KJB spread throughout the world like no other translation previously had. *edits: Because my brain doesn't function in the morning.
Because regular language isn't as descriptive as it should be to make an agreement with. Agreements typically define things as either A or B, with no empty space in between to meddle over. Think of it as an agreement with Mom and Dad: When you finish your dinner you will get to play with the Lego or the other toys. Now, "finish" your "dinner"? Does that mean I have to stop eating, that I have to eat all vegetables or that the plate must be clean? Do I have to lick up the sauce to count as "finished"? If I finish it by feeding it all to Mom, does that count? And then when I do get to play, do I get to play with the Lego and the other toys, or do I have to choose between the Lego on the one side and the other toys on the other? So we go another draft: When you finish your dinner, meaning that at least 90% of the vegetables by weight and at least 50% of the potatoes and meat are consumed by you, you may play with any or all of your toys at your discretion. That's a lot closer to the intended meaning but it's a lot harder to read too. Lawyers typically try to close all visible loopholes.
For example, marijuana. If this triggers the release of dopamine within the body, why not just shoot up dopamine?A lot of neurotransmitters (think hormones, but in the brain) actually can't cross the blood-brain barrier (they can't get into the brain if they're outside the brain). So it wouldn't matter if you injected yourself with dopamine, it probably wouldn't have a major effect on your brain. One way around this is using chemicals which the brain can then synthesise into the neurotransmitters. For example, dopamine is synthesised in the brain using a chemical called L-Dopa, which CAN pass through the blood-brain barrier. So, drugs used to treat Parkinson's, which is caused by a lack of dopamine, actually contain L-Dopa, rather than dopamine itself.So why don't we inject l-dopa?The ELI5 version: you have a friend across the street who wants ice cream. Youve got ice cream and the ingredients to make ice cream at your house. However, the road is too hot to carry ice cream over. You have the cream and sugar though, and he has a freezer. So, you carry the cream and sugar across the street and he mixes it and freezes to get him the ice cream he desires.
I find myself fixating my eyes on something without paying attention to it. What's my brain doing and why does my body essentially pause while it's happening?Your brain's default mode network is becoming activated. As a five year old, this is like when the car is turned on but is at a stop sign. All the parts are working, but the engine is going at a slower speed than when the car is moving and other parts, like the brakes are more active.So our brain is idling? Way cool. Thanks!This is awesome; thanks for it! I've often wondered what it is. I would describe it as after a long time staying focused on some task, there is more of a chance that it will happen. Some fact or thought will enter my mind, and I can feel my focus waning. I can fight it off but it feels good to let go. I can feel my focus turning to a broad awareness. The thought that started it all sparks new thoughts and considerations. Sometimes it's a wild train of thought with a ton of nested "this leads to that" kind of thinking. It feels refreshing; I've often described it as "stretching for your brain" in that it feels as good as (or similarly to) a good stretch does to your muscles.
Hey guys, I'm new at this whole Reddit thing, wasn't sure where to ask this. Now, I understand Wikipedia is not an acceptable source for school essays, yet whenever I'm interested in learning about something I can nearly always go to Wikipedia and find a relatively well manicured, fairly thorough article that generally satiates my thirst for knowledge. How is this possible? Who stops the assholes from covering these articles in walls of ascii porn? Are the mods just that awesome? Is the vandalism just really easy to remove? Who's writing all these articles anyway? (Edit: Grammar, courtesy of mrthedon)First of all, wikipedia is a fine source for essays, at least compared to any other encyclopedia. Which means you should use it as a starting point, and then investigate the sources the article refers to. Lots of good questions here. Let's take them one at a time. Who stops the assholes from covering these articles in walls of ascii porn? Generally, just regular users, who spend hours and hours of their own time undoing stuff like this. Are the mods just that awesome? They appear to be good, but most of the work done to keep up the appearance (and in fact most of the work on the articles themselves) are written by regular people with no particular wikipedia-given powers. Is the vandalism just really easy to remove? Undoing vandalism is actually really easy, and smart people have made it extremely efficient and even created bots which will remove some particularly obvious vandalism. It's really hard to vandalize wikipedia for any length of time without going to a lot more effort than those undoing you.
I live in Minnesota, and we rarely get tornados (compared to OK or KS at least), but we pretty much all have basements. Why don't all houses/apartments have interior basements instead of exterior shelters?Basements are (sort of) a requirement in cold climates such as your own, or here in Canada, where the foundation needs to be below the frost line to avoid having the building shift and eventually collapse as the ground freezes and thaws over the years. Since you have to dig that deep anyway, there's no reason not to use the space you're excavating as an extra floor below the ground level - a basement. In warmer climates, a basement is entirely optional. You can save a lot of money by skipping it, and also some potential annoyance with flooding as well. So it's a lot less common.This is correct. The biggest two factors for basements are frost lines and terrain. Building into a hillside requires some excavation, although not as much as digging a full basement. That's where you get your exposed basements. In the USA (and likely elsewhere, but I only did design work in the US), foundations must go below the frost line. The farther north you go, the lower that is. At some point, it is cheaper to leave an open basement than pouring that much concrete to work as the foundation.
Issues like this are usually due to mishandling of character encoding. Inside computers all data is stored a series of numbers. Basically, the old way of storing text is to use exactly one byte (eight bits; each bit is a 0 or 1) for every single letter. This is what ASCII is; in ASCII the numbers from 0 to 255 each correspond to a letter, for example the number 97 is lowercase a. The issue with this is that there are a lot more than 255 different characters that people want to use in text; even many Western European languages didn't have some of their symbols available. Asian languages, Eastern European, Hebrew and so on don't have any of their letters available in ASCII. This problem is solved by having a much larger range of letters called Unicode. Using this scheme they have an extremely large space for symbols, which allows them to have characters for silly things like smiley faces and snowmen. There are different ways for storing the Unicode characters; some of them just always use 16 or 32 bits for each character but that ends up not being very efficient for most Western-biased usages where almost all of the letters are from ASCII and only a few are "special". The most common way of encoding the charaters is called which is the same as ASCII for characters numbered 0 to 127, but the other characters use multiple bytes. UTF-8 has some nice properties that are beyond what I will mention here, but the important thing is if you accidentally try to read UTF-8 text as ASCII, any of the simple letters or numbers will look normal.
From working at the inside of a large public University. Lots of money is going towards the administrative costs. I saw a massive increase in admin positions vs. teaching/support staff positions. WSJ had a good article on this exact topic at the very end of 2012. Some more interesting excerpts. Many of the newly hired, it turns out, were doing little teaching. A Wall Street Journal analysis of University of Minnesota salary and employment records from 2001 through last spring shows that the system added more than 1,000 administrators over that period. Their ranks grew 37%, more than twice as fast as the teaching corps and nearly twice as fast as the student body. Across U.S. higher education, nonclassroom costs have ballooned, administrative payrolls being a prime example. The number of employees hired by colleges and universities to manage or administer people, programs and regulations increased 50% faster than the number of instructors between 2001 and 2011, the U.S. Department of Education says. Administrative employees make up an increasing share of the university's higher-paid people. The school employs 353 people earning more than $200,000 a year. That is up 57% from the inflation-adjusted pay equivalent in 2001. Among this $200,000-plus group, 81 today have administrative titles, versus 39 in 2001.
Many say (not me, I liked it) that "The Hobbit" looked like a cheap soap opera because their highers FPS (THAT IS NOT THE POINT, THE POINT IS IN THE NEXT SENTENCE). So why television shows do not lower their frames per second in order to look like movies, that have lower FPS, since that high frame rate is somewhat strange for our eyes?Some do. 30 Rock does this. You can see the difference easily if you compare the two live episodes they did - filmed in higher "TV" fps - with a normal episode. They even make a joke about the difference at the end of one of the live episodes ("Something feels different", or something like that). Breaking Bad, HBO shows like Game of Thrones, etc also shoot at 24 fps.Most of the difference in the appearance between the live shows and the normal shows is the lack of post production.30 Rock shoots at 24fps because it's shot on film. It's rare for a professional film cinema camera to shoot 30fps (or rather 29.97, which is what most digital cams [and TV shows] shoot at)."It feels like...we're in a Mexican soap opera" or something to that effect.
[deleted]Here's my attempt at a simple explanation of why the jury acquitted Zimmerman. Because he was the defendant, the jury needed to find his guilt beyond a reasonable doubt. That means they need to be 95%+ sure that Zimmerman: (A) shot Martin; and (B) did not shoot Martin in self-defense. I.e., the state has the burden of proving beyond a reasonable doubt that there was no valid self defense. 2. Zimmerman claimed that while he was walking on the property, Martin jumped him, knocked him down, was beating him up, and tried to take his gun, at which point Zimmerman shot him. 3. The witness with the best view of the fight saw one person on top of another, beating him. He believed that the person on the bottom was wearing a red shirt. Zimmerman was wearing a red shirt (or jacket or sweatshirt). 4. Zimmerman had cuts on the back of his head that are consistent with it being hit against a sidewalk while he was on his back. 5. The coroner testified that the gunshot wound was consistent with Martin being shot while bending over someone.
I can't speak for the others, but most Chinese keyboards work using the pinyin system (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pinyin), which is a transliteration of the sounds of the language (so that it can be written in the letters of the English alphabet). Basically, you download a font package that puts a little icon on your task bar to switch between writing in English and writing in Chinese. When you have the Chinese font selected, you just type in a pinyin word using English characters, like "ma." The thing is, Chinese is a tonal language. That means you can say "ma" in many different ways and it means different things. There are five tones in Mandarin (high flat, rising, dipping down then up, sharp drop, and neutral). Just like with English, sometimes even the same sound means a different thing (e.g., "plane," "plain"). So for "ma," there are something like 80 possible words for the sound. You can type in just the English letters ("ma") or maybe the English letters plus the tone ("ma4," sharp drop in tone). When you type that in, a bunch of characters will appear just above your cursor and you can use the arrow keys or your mouse to select the right one. Usually, the characters appear in order of how common they are, so it doesn't take too long to find the right one. There's also keyboards that have character strokes, different types of lines that are used to compose a Chinese character. Because these strokes are used in a very specific order when writing any Chinese character, you could also use that keyboard by typing the strokes in the right order. I've never used that sort of keyboard, though.
My lovely new quad core phone runs out of juice so fast it's embarassing, even with the power saver option on :( Is money the issue? Not enough research done?On one hand, battery technologies have improved a bit - about 4-fold, since laptops were first invented. The very first portable computers ran on lead-acid batteries. Now we have lithium ion batteries, which have about 4 times the capacity (by weight). Other improvements have helped too - we have made much smaller transistors, which consume a lot less power... An "old" portable computer could run for maybe an hour. Your "new" cell phone can do an hour's-worth of the same computations in less than a second now. The battery-to-work ratio is probably hundreds of thousands of times better than it was in the 90s. The competing factor, the thing that "fights" our battery power, is customer expectations. Your computer has numerous extra features that kill battery life, from a display that is has 16 times as many pixels with 4 times more colors (that's 64 times more computation), to multiple modes of wireless connectivity. There are computers out there that have a battery that will 20 hours or more - but people rarely buy them. They are hundreds of times more powerful than early computers, but still not "modern enough". So, customers have struck a balance. The most popular products have reasonably good computation power, as well as a battery life that is good but not awesome or impractical.
Sub-question: Why do you think the windowed fullscreen mode, as in WoW, isn't embraced by other games? edit: Thanks for the explanations, everyone! Been wondering this forever.When running in full screen mode, most of the time the game has exclusive rights to the video card and all its resources (most importantly, video memory). As soon as you alt-tab to another application, that's lost so when you come back the game is never sure what assets are still valid and what have been overwritten by other programs. In the olden days of Direct3D this was 'Context Lost' event and the game would have to know everything that was in memory and reload it into DirectX assets (Textures, Models, shaders) which would load them back into video memory. Source Games that handle this context lost event well keep a list of all loaded objects in video memory and restore this when they have focus again. Games that don't handle this haven't properly loaded everything back into memory. DX10 apparently solves a lot of these issues for developers. Apologies for not actually explaining it like you're five!This is also why if you run Civ 5 in DX10/11 mode instead of DX9 mode it usually doesn't have a problem with alt-tabbing.
Muscle memory. When you perform an act over and over you stop thinking about it, it becomes automatic. Something as simple as changing hands to do it can completely throw you off. When you started crossing your arms you would have just picked the side that seemed most natural at the time.. however if you'd picked the other it would have felt the same. Yet a million repetitions later trying to do the other side just feels wrong. This oddly enough came up for me the other day at Judo.. I was training some throws left handed (I am right handed) and even throws I am quite good at suddenly just felt wrong. Exactly same action, completely.. just on the other side. Suddenly you can't do it. Try it with anything in fact.. writing, throwing a ball etc etc. They all feel wrong because you never do it.Also, just to elaborate on one thing: the term "muscle memory" is a bit of a misnomer, because it leads people to assume that what's happening is happening in your muscles. In fact, the changes are occurring almost entirely in motor regions in the brain, mainly the various regions of motor cortex. A common term for learned movement patterns that's probably a bit more correct is a "motor program" (generally used in neuroscience and motor control research), although there's a lot of argument over what exactly the concept - if it's even valid - entails.
Not trying to be disrespectful, but what do these war honors actually do for someone that gets them? I'm sure it's mostly about prestige and esteem, but from what I've seen they just pin some metal to your shirt and send you on your way. That same guy could be homeless and begging for food in a year or two because most places won't hire ex-military types and can't pay for the medical attention they desperately need. Edit: thanks for all the answers guys. And for taking me to the front page, haha.Certain medals will let you receive benefits such as compensation, medical preference, educational (for yourself or family), and lower rates on things like license plates, free access to state parks. A lot of it varies by state, though. I wouldn't say "they mean squat" (especially coming from someone who didn't serve in the US military). Purple Heart Benefits Medal of Honor Benefits Edit: Just wanted to address some of the other comments: Yes, all service members get to use Tuition Assistance while in. Once you get out, you can use the GI Bill. You can transfer those benefits to a family member if you've been in at least 10 years. I know California and Indiana your child can attend a state school for a certain amount of credit hours (in Indiana where I live it's enough to get a Bachelors), but you often have to have a disability rating--not necessarily a Purple Heart of Medal of Honor. For example, in Indiana you only need a 10% rating. The medals OP asked about do have additional benefits. The stuff above is essentially a given, provided you meet the Time in Service requirements and the disability rating requirements. It does help with your medical preference so you have a somewhat easier time getting treated, as if you were given either of these, you'll probably need future treatment.
Hi. I've noticed that a lot of posts don't necessarily have to be posted here. I'm not taking ELI5 very literally, so I don't think answers have to make sense to a five year old, but just have to be simple in general. A lot of questions I see here don't need to be answered like someone's five. Answers that anybody might give would be simple enough without asking here for further simplifications. For example, Dolan. It's a sick twist on Disney comics. There. Was that so hard? I'm sure you would have gotten that answer on r/Answers or r/AskReddit had you not asked here. People put the ELI5 tag without realizing its significance. Let's start with the word 'explain'. Explaining is not the same thing as answering. Explaining is taking something and making it simple. Answering is not necessarily the same thing. It's giving a response to an answer, and it's up to the answerer to see if that answer is simple or not. There are a lot of good subreddits out there that you really need to check out. If you want scientific answers, go to r/AskScience. People there are more knowledgeable in science. If you don't understand their answer, ask them to simplify it. I'm sure that they'd be willing to do that. Also, please use the resources available to you. If you need help on a homework, your teachers, professors, or TA are your best sources for help. Also, a lot of the stuff you ask are far too broad to be answered here. For example, someone asked the history of Russia from 1990 on. You really can't explain that here. That would at least take a chapter from a good sized book. This is mostly a message out to the mods, who have yet to answer a lot of the mails that I've sent to them.I agree with this. It seems like some people are using this subreddit as an alternative for Google."ELI5: where my local Home Depot is."I really want this subreddit to be restored, but there have been a lot of these posts criticizing ELI5 lately, and that isn't really helping. The mods aren't responded to these posts (understandable), and I don't see why a few more is going to change that. I want to browse the real ELI5 posts as much as you and the OP, but these types of posts are just contributing to the clutter. I think messaging the mods might be better idea. It's nicer and they may be open to suggestions. EDIT:typoELI5: What's "The Google?"
There were a lot of great answers, but I think these two were the most explanatory: http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/1gv6tl/eli5_what_do_real_spies_do_how_are_they_recruited/cao8qcr http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/1gv6tl/eli5_what_do_real_spies_do_how_are_they_recruited/cao6lksI had a friends father that used to work in Intel departments for the pentagon, cia,etc. I asked him this question over a beer and he gave me a very simple answer. Spies of governments usually act the same way lobbyist do. They rarely use direct interaction to gather Intel or pursuade action. Instead they might become friends with an important persons niece or confidant. Gathering rumor or general ideas from various viewpoints. This is not just 1st world govts that do this.And the niece is hot. And there's a car chase. Then an explosion. Then everyone gathers in front of the queen/president and gets a medal.Damn, if work gossip were international secrets I'd be an excellent spy.https://www.cia.gov/careers/opportunities/clandestine/core-collector.html
It just sits weird with me. That a half-black person is 'black' by default. Like blackness of one parent is more dominant than the whiteness or anything else really of the other because it's more visible in a half-b offspring. Tiger Woods, Bob Marley... Either move past race or be precise about it? Why not? Why am I wrong?Because race is a socially-determined category in the US. The names used have less to do with hue than history. If you have any African heritage at all, in this country you're Black. "Mulatto" is offensive because it's an artifact of an even more racist era. EDIT (an hour after original post): Just for balance, here is an interesting essay written in 1997 by a Radcliffe grad who chose to call herself mulatto. I wonder if the intervening 15 years have changed her mind?To add to this: It really isn't racist to refer to a half-black person as black, and it has nothing to do with the "one drop rule" as I've seen referred to here in the comments. The reason half-black people are referred to as black, is because they are treated as black. They experience America as a black person. They experience discrimination because they are perceived as black. It's somewhat offensive to actually insist on calling Barack Obama half-white when he has experienced America in this way, and has accomplished so much in spite of it--or because of it (it possibly motivated him); to make the assertion that, "Yeah, he's the first black president, but he's only half black," is prejudiced.
Other comments have hit on part of this explanation, but I'll try to tie it all together. The human species started in Africa. To protect ourselves from the harsh, direct sunlight, we evolved with higher levels of melanin in our bodies. This causes darker skin. Dark hair was also a favourable evolution - less light can pass through dark hair than light, protecting the skin. Over time as the human race migrated, mutation continued. In the branch that became "white", mutations that produced paler skin and lighter hair occurred. This was an advantageous mutation because these humans were living in areas with less direct sunlight, so needed to take advantage of the small amounts they were exposed to (we need sunlight to produce vitamin D). Through natural and self-selection, the genes for paler skin and blonde hair survived. Other mutations for lighter hair colours (lighter brown, red) remained for similar reasons. The reason that other races did not evolve blonde hair (in general, great link to the Solomon Islands case in another comment) is that: It did not give then an environmental advantage, so did not increase chances of survival/reproduction
It seems like most of the well know sharing sites are taken down fast. How is PB so resilient?Let's say you needed a watch. You come to me and ask me where you might be able to get a watch. I tell you, there's a watch shop down the block where watches are $100, or you could go talk to Donnie on the corner who sells watches for a dime each, but Donnie's watches are stolen. Here's the big question. What Donnie is doing is clearly illegal (selling stolen property), but have I done anything wrong in informing you about what Donnie does? This is basically what the Pirate Bay does, and it is a big ethical gray area. There are a bunch of people out there pirating copyrighted content. The Pirate Bay is like a phone book where you can easily look up all these people. The Pirate Bay does not actually host any of that illegal content. Edit: Many people have been pointing out I haven't addressed why TPB is still up, but other sites have been taken down. Since this is a big gray area, different countries have written different laws. Some countries have made it illegal to tell you where Donnie is selling his stolen watches. Some countries have not. TPB is based in Sweden where the laws are relatively more relaxed about this type of thing.
EDIT: My first front page post on this account, I'd like to thank the Jews.My explanation here is clearly intended to be as simple as possible. A much longer explanation is really in order, but here's the short and overly simplistic version. Jews were outsiders. They (pretty much) originated as a nomadic people. They kept wandering around to places that other people already called home, places like Egypt and Babylon. We'll call these non-nomadic people "landed people." Every time Jews showed up to a new town, village, or city, everyone already there saw them as outsiders that wanted to profit from what the "hard-working" landed people had made. "The Jews wanted to take their jobs," as the landed people saw it. 2) Jews kept to themselves and kept their own traditions, even when living inside of landed peoples' cities. From their beginning, people of the Jewish faith were a "devoutly insular group." They did not typically marry "outsiders," nor did they stay anywhere for too long, and they commonly didn't invite any outsiders in to participate in their "Jewish games" and other fun times. This made landed people feel like the Jews thought they (the Jews) were better than them (whichever landed people were currently getting pissed off at them, be it the Egyptians, the Babylonians, etc). So, during a time when a lot of areas were becoming more ethnically diverse (from wars, political maneuvering, etc.), Jews remained mostly ethnically insular. You can find this with the first few generations of almost any immigrant population in the world. The Jews kept it going strong for about 2,500 years though.
I'm seeing lots of good answers but I want to try too. Exposure: This is how affected the sensor/film has been by light. The amount of exposure controls what you'll be able to see in any given shot. For instance, if I take a photo of a building at night I have to choose between a high exposure so that I can see the building but the moon will be a white mess or a low exposure so that I can see the moon but the building will just be a black blob. The moon is the brightest thing in the picture so it doesn't take a lot to print itself onto your sensor/film. If you give it too much exposure then it will keep printing beyond what's necessary and that's when it all just goes white. The building isn't nearly as bright as the moon so it needs lots of exposure before the camera will be able to actually get any detail. There are 4 factors that control exposure. Lighting. Bright sunny days require next to no exposure. Night shooting requires oodles of exposure. Shutter speed. The faster your shutter is, the less light hits the film/sensor (but also the less chance there is for a blurry photo) Aperture. Your camera has a hole through which it takes the photo, the bigger the hole, the more light it lets through and the more exposed the photo is.
[deleted]My understanding is that .onion sites are hosted just like regular websites except that the onion site cannot (normally) see the IP address of visitors to that site and visitors cannot (normally) see the IP address of the server hosting the site. Thus, it makes it extremely difficult for people to figure out where .onion sites are hosted, they simply know they are accessible through the Tor network. Just like on the normal web, there are web hosting companies that have thousands or even hundreds-of-thousands of clients who pay to host their website on the hosting company's servers. The hosting company offers server hardware connected to backbone internet networks and clients (e.g. businesses) pay to have software or their website hosted on that hardware. In many cases, there are multiple clients who have websites hosted on the same hardware (e.g. a single web server may serve 100 different websites). Anyway, the point is that it was not one individual who was shut-down but rather an entire hosting service. Should be self-explanatory now from what I mentioned above, but basically it's normally very difficult to determine where (i.e. which server) each onion site is hosted on unless the server can somehow be compromised to expose its IP address. Using whatever tactics they did, law enforcement managed to locate the servers for one particular hosting service and shut them down, but other hosting services are still operating.
I was reading this article regarding the offer of asylum to Edward Snowden by a number of countries and was curious what this would mean for the US and their attempts to extradite him? Is he pretty much untouchable in this situation?If he's in another country that is unwilling to hand him over, then he is indeed untouchable (edit: by legal means anyway...only by methods that would constitute an act of war against the host nation). That said, he's betting on that host country never, ever having a more pro-American government in the future. This is in no sense a safe bet.Nations such as Venezuela, for example, have been pretty anti-American for decades though, have they not?I might expand "pro-American" to include "countries that need America's help without jumping through a lot of extra hoops." Snowden's extradition could be a bargaining chip at some future negotiation brought on by unforeseeable events.I wouldn't say untouchable, look what we did to Bin Laden in Pakistan, but repeating those actions to get Snowden is highly unlikely.
To clarify, in regards to space travel.As of now, the most plausible option is centrifugal centripetal centrifugal force. To accomplish that we'd have to build something resembling the inside of a washing machine. It would rotate at a high speed and stick people to the inside face of the outer ring, the same way that a spin cycle works. Even that would take billions of dollars to construct. Then we have tons of other hurdles of taking it into space without breaking it. Even testing it in a zero gravity environment would be incredibly difficult. In regards to artificial gravity, physicists don't really know why gravitation is so weak compared to the other three natural forces (electromagnetism, strong nuclear, and weak nuclear). So since they haven't found out how exactly that works, other than "Get a supermassive object and stand on it", it's not yet possible to create artificial gravity like you can create magnetism with copper wire, a nail, and a battery. Edit: Thanks /u/blastfemur /u/iwillyel /u/Eric-F-13 /u/infiniticomplex /u/Dakrys and /u/k0r3andud3 for pointing out it's centripetal and not centrifugal force! Edit2: A posse has come to meet the opposition of the centrifugal vs. centripetal battle, saying centrifugal force is legit.
Why not just use SD cards for all storage purposes? Also, if we can compress files and make them way smaller than their original size (.zip), why don't we just store files that way all the time?they are more expensive they wear out more quickly we do, they are called solid state drives (SSDs) SD cards typically have slower read and write speeds (as pointed out by brunoa) As for zip files, they are kind of like a toolbox. When you aren't using them, everything is packed away neatly. But while you are working on a project, you open them up and spread tools all over the place. Only using zip files would be like only being able to have one tool out of your toolbox at a time.To add to the "wear out more quickly" bit. All solid state has a limit to how many times a certain bit can be flipped. It's a normal wear thing, and the drive is capable of recognizing this and compensating, but over time they wear down at a reasonably constant rate...This makes them unsuitable for tasks that involve a lot of write operations. Magnetic storage has no limits inherent in the media, but all the moving parts mean that they will eventually fail. It's inevitable.
There's a fairly recent 1984 law that says you don't have to let someone know that they have the right to remain silent read someone their miranda rights iff the questions you are asking them are important for the immediate safety of the public. That's why it's (arguably) legal in this case, because they want to ask if there are any more bombs hidden somewhere that might go off and hurt the public, and having someone exercise their right to remain silent in that situation might get people killed. If you shoot a bunch of people and then get arrested, that's different from a bombing because there's no reason to believe that there's still a danger to the public once you're arrested. Edit: In my opinion the whole thing's kind of ridiculous, because you still have the right to remain silent even if they never actually tell you so.The public safety exception is not a recent development. The Supreme Court established it in New York v. Quarles in 1984. It's also important to note that the effect of failing to Mirandize a suspect properly is to exclude evidence at trial that effectively proves the suspect was the perpetrator of the crime purely because the police failed to follow a procedure that is of dubious value.
Glenn's Cookies makes great choc chip cookies. They have a giant factory with millions of dollars worth of machinery, and hundreds of employees already. Walmart wants to make Walmart Cookies without investing millions in equipment, employees, land, buildings, trucks, everything needed to make cookies, and get them to the stores (or warehouse). So Walmart says to Glenn's, can you make them for us? So Glenn's uses slightly cheaper ingredients, a different package, and sells them to Walmart. Walmart puts a little mark up on them and sells them in store. It's useful for lots of reasons, the main being that most shoppers fall in to 2 categories. 1. I want the best cookies, and 2. I want the cheapest cookies. Walmart sells both, gets all the shoppers, and of course they buy lots more than just cookies when they go to Walmart. Sometimes Glenn's cookies and Walmart cookies, are bought from a third company. Pauline's food, makes cookies for Glenn's, Walmart, and several others but they don't sell their own brand. So they have low marketing cost, pretty constant demand for cookies, no worries about discount, and a very simple transport system (factory to warehouse). They just tweak the cookie recipe for different cookies, to tase a bit different, to be made cheaper, etc.
Couldn't they redirect the money they use for building materials to putting down payments on foreclosed homes?Habitat doesn't simply build new homes. They also renovate existing properties. The recipients of the property, whether new or renovated, are participants in the build. I volunteered for Habitat all throughout high school and college. I must have worked on 5 or 6 sites, but only 2 were new construction (that I can remember).Yeah, and I imagine it depends on the area. In Boston, our church raised $30k for Habitat and the money went to renovating a block of foreclosed brownstones. Because they were also trying to rehabilitate the neighborhood, and buying the existing property was way cheaper than finding land (what land?) in the city. Outside of cities, combined with donated material, I imagine land is cheaper than buying an existing house.The sites I worked on in an urban area were all existing houses being renovated. One was a former crack house. They were usually owned by the city for non-payment of taxes.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Floodplain "Historically, many towns have been built on floodplains, where they are highly susceptible to flooding, for a number of reasons: access to fresh water; the fertility of floodplain land for farming; cheap transportation, via rivers and railroads, which often followed rivers; ease of development of flat land" Floodplains are an amazing resource. I didn't see how often rivers flood, but if it is every 100 years, as you say, then you've also gotta take into account human lifespan. Most people don't make it to 100 years so there's a good possibility that many people who first moved to a particular floodplain may not have experienced the flooding, and only reaped the benefits of such a location. Everyone else stays because of a combination of those benefits and the fact that there is already a civilization there. As mentioned elsewhere, one could also ask why people live where earthquakes exist are common (CA, NZ), where fires like to ignite (I'm looking at you, LA), where blizzards happen, tornadoes, hurricanes, droughts...pretty soon there's almost nowhere to live. If you ever visit Egypt, almost everyone lives around the Nile and on the coast, because those are the most viable places to live.
Got it backwards, kind of. UPS, Fedex and other carriers were modeled after the USPS. As for why the USPS is struggling, the answer is that the USPS has an albatross around its neck that nobody else has: In 2006, the Congress — God knows why — passed a law requiring the USPS to shovel vast sums of money into a fund set aside for paying retirement benefits to workers who haven't yet retired. This is the only reason why the USPS is losing money. If it weren't required by law to stuff all this cash under its mattress — a requirement no other enterprise on the planet has, and which no sane person would ever choose to do — the USPS would be back to operating close to break-even, as is appropriate for a publicly owned enterprise.Not just workers who haven't yet retired: workers who haven't yet been born. It's really insane, unless you posit that maybe the point was to kill the post office, which I for one think it was.From what I understand, the USPS also has the disadvantage of having to deliver mail to every single home in America, from what I understand, that is the case for UPS or Fedex.
I was watching this clip from The Hurt Locker and was wondering - why can't they just cut the wires?? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9H3eb7WQqkYIn 99% of all homemade and even military 'bombs', ripping out all wires safely defuses the device because you either separate the explosive compound from the fuse or the fuse from the detonator. Top rated answer is just about the 1% of bomb makers who are very sophisticated and are also professionals. Source: I'm exmil and had the pleasure of working with EOD.While likely the case, you don't want to find out that you're working with that 1% and didn't realize it, I imagine.I always wondered why they don't just pull the wires out from the plastic explosives in films.An example of that 1%: http://www.fbi.gov/news/stories/2009/august/harvey_082609 Guy builds a huge bomb with 1000lb of dynamite and rolls it into a casino, sets it up, then asks for $3million. Police/bomb squad look at it for two days and decide the best chance to defuse it is to try and use a C4 explosion to separate the detonator from the dynamite. It didn't work(but nobody got hurt, and they did catch the dude).
I am reteaching myself math, but something is bugging me soooo bad and I can't find the answer. What is a real life example of multiplying a fraction by a fraction? I was wondering why .05 to the 5th exponent would get smaller not bigger. This is driving me bonkers.Think of it like this: each blood type has different blood cells. They're different because they have things called "antigens" on the outside, but we'll just call them tags for now. The 4 types are A, B, AB, and O. Now, lets just say that A has square tags, B has triangular tags, AB has both, and O has neither. If two blood cells don't have the same tags, like A and B, they could clot because the body doesn't recognize the tags. This is why anyone can get O blood (because there's no antigens to not recognize) and why AB can receive any blood (because it has both antigens). I don't know too much on the topic though so i'm not quite sure as to why there are different types.LiquidMonocle gave a pretty good explaination but I'm just going to expand a little bit more. First let me explain two basic terms- Antigen- The tag that identifies something. These antigens exist, to help our body distinguish molecules as "self" or "non-self." Our immune system will recognize these antigens and react, or wont react. When there is an antigen-antibody reaction that is what causes the destruction of these cells and a massive clot forms. - In my analogy. The antigens are the Locks. And the Antibodies are the keys. When your body encounters a Lock that doesnt belong to you, it tries to destroy it (open it) Once your body encounters this lock, it has now seen it and has now seen its design. After encountering a foreign lock, your body will now make keys to open and destroy these locks. Some of these locks are small (ABO blood group) and the keys can be made immediately and the reaction occurs immediately. However the locks of Blood type of +/- (explained more detailed below) are relatively big and can take a while for the appropriate keys to be made. So you constantly have these keys floating around in your blood constantly looking for a compatible lock. When a key matches a lock, that's what activates your immune response, destroys the lock and in turn causes all the negative effects of a transfusion reaction (explained more below)
The front page is always complaining about internet prices and speeds in the US. Here in England I pay £5 a month, plus £12 line rental, for 6mbps internet and can't understand why its so expensive over the pond. *edit: on a speed check it is actually closer to 10mbps **edit: holy hell this is no on my front page. Wow. Thanks for all the information, its clear to see that its a bit of a contentious issue. Thanks guys!There are two big reasons: Infrastructure and Monopolies/greed. America is huge. Really huge. I hear it's hard for some Europeans to even comprehend its size, considering there's a couple STATES that all of England could fit into. From tip of Maine to coast of California is almost a week of driving 14+ hours/day, if not more. This means in order for a company to build up a strong network across the country takes a lot of time, manpower, and money. So it's hard for any new companies to form, because forming new infrastructure is a MASSIVE investment which takes a really long time to recover from. Why not just upgrade the existing infrastructure then? Well, that's where point two comes in. Because the infrastructure is so expensive, there's only so much of it to go around, and only a handful of companies big enough to manage it all. Comcast, AT&T, Verizon, to name a few, own the vast majority of the cables that make up the internet in America. The onus is on them to perform these upgrades. In fact, the government even gave them money to do just that. Instead of delivering on the promise of "We'll take this money and build infrastructure", they used some legal trickery to end up pocketing most of it, while not upgrading the networks nearly as much as they should have. So you've got these companies that own existing infrastructure that refuse to upgrade it. The market should dictate that someone willing to come in and perform those upgrades could compete, right? Well, turns out the cable companies have agreements in place where they won't compete in certain regions. In cases where they don't, they even get local governments to sign agreements saying they won't let their competitors come in and build new infrastructure to compete with them (usually in exchange for a few years of cheap rates for their community). So now you have existing, mediocre infrastructure with no way to compete against it without building an entirely new network. You can see how this monopoly would be hard to break.
I'm talking about the trend of black people naming their kids things like Quentavius or Shabrieka. These sort of names don't seem to appear in older generations. Is it a trend or is there some sort of history or tradition behind it?There are different elements at work in what you refer to as "black sounding" names. The names that are popular for Black babies born today are not the same ones that were popular 10 years ago. As another contributor here mentioned, during the civil rights movement black people started to try to redefine their culture as one of pride, instead of oppression. One of the ways they did that was to reject the European and often classical names they'd been given up to that point. (Some of the most popular "slave names" for example, were from Greek and Roman history. A few were obscure Biblical names. Those were given to slaves by their masters to show how educated and worldly the masters were.) In the French speaking south, names with the prefixes "De-" and "La" because more popular as they were a way of connecting a child to their father. Those prefixes were simply added to European names. They connote "son of" or "daughter of" respectively. Once civil rights were enacted, there was an embracing of names that "sounded" African. The prefixes were still often attached, now more for their style than for any paternal link to the name. Now, Black Americans are using a pretty diverse group of names. There are some names that are much more popular with Blacks than with Whites, including Neveah, Messiah, King, and others of that ilk. The "La" names have fallen far out of fashion. I've been studying names for about 30 years, but I'm not a professional. A wonderful source for information about the sociology of names and naming is Laura Wattenberg. She has written a very smart book and a wonderful website, including a blog.
Edit: great answers everyone. But I doubt they would make sense to a 5 year old. This isn't r/answers you know. :P Edit 2 Ok so I shouldn't take "explain like I'm 5" literally. I get it you guys. :)In short, it's because black and white film had just about reached the pinnacle of its quality, and color film, due to its higher complexity, couldn't quite match the sharpness and contrast. Black and white film has a single light sensitive layer, compared to the 3 layers in color films. This generally allows it to capture sharper images. Panchromatic film, used from the 1920s onward, is a kind of B&W film which captures the intensity (but not the color) of the entire visible spectrum, leading to dramatic shading in B&W photography and cinema. Color film usually captures a narrower set of wavelengths, leading to things looking flatter and more washed out. Also, as you can easily see, those early color films didn't hold their color as well over time, leading to distorted color palettes even as soon as 5-7 years after being developed.Also worth noting "better" is subjective. I happen to like the color palette of 60's and 70's color film stock (as do many big name directors. Tarantino, for instance, emulates this palette in a lot of his work, as most of his movies are pretty transparent homages to genre film).
Practically none. Iraq was invaded because the neocons thought they could remake the Middle East into a region of free-market democracies by toppling dictators. The easiest one to topple was Hussein, but the only clear excuse they could all agree on to do so was the WMDs. Everyone thought he had them, even if there was no proof, so they "stovepiped" intelligence - pushing raw, dubious intel up the chain without critical analysis in order to bolster their weak argument - and supported intelligence they probably knew was phony. They believed they would find WMDs, we would be welcomed as liberators, we would reshape the Middle East in our favor (which has too many benefits to list, control of oil being only one), and we would remind the rest of the world that our military is still number one and we can use it where and how we wish to enforce our will (the subtext there is, after the end of the Cold War, the neocons were worried the military-industrial complex would lose its relevance and, therefore, its bottomless well of money). TL;DR: the money to be made from Iraqi oil is nowhere near as important as the money to be made from the US military-industrial-security complex. Edit: forgot about Curveball.
I know about the gag reflex but what triggers that reflex when you see something disgusting?Read The Storytelling Animal. It's take on how humans walk through scenarios in their mind as an evolutionary tool for preparedness may explain this. It's why we tense up or cry during movies. To the brain (and your body's response) looking at something happening can trigger a physical reaction because the story in your mind can be indistinguishable to it actually happening to you. It's a way of doing practice runs for surviving likely future scenarios, and this would be a side effect of this very useful tool.Much more accurate answer than the one currently upvoted..."Natural selection allowed those who re-actively vomited on seeing their peers get poisoned, to breed and pass on that trait"? please. It's what this guy said. Our brains process all the information really quickly about that rotting rat flesh and horrible smell and realise we need to avoid it, but it also goes through the scenario just quickly on "what if we DID eat it...hmmm"Interesting. If an individual is consistently exposed to "shocking" images, whether through graphic movies, the internet, or whatever, do they become numb to this reflex? How does this affect their preparedness, or their ability to adapt?
Basically, what is the controversy? How did it begin, and what is the current state? While I'm sure this is a VERY complicated issue, maybe I can get an overview that will put current news in a bit more context. Thank you!Imagine you are a person living in an apartment with some other people. You are not treated well. They harass you, they try to undermine your business dealings, they generally cause you problems. One day, one of them beats the ever loving shit out of you. You escape the apartment alive, but find yourself homeless. You are living at a friend's house, but apparently start to get on his nerves. You tell him all about the house your grandparents helped to build, and your parent's lived in for a long time that means a great deal to your family. All the legends and folklore of your family take place in that house. But you are aware that someone else is living in it now. So one day, your friend says, "look, I have some powerful connections, and I'm going to get you back your old house." You are overjoyed about this, but know it will be a struggle, because of the other inhabitant. So you get with the police and go to this house. A man answers the door. The cops tell him that you used to live in this house, and that it has been passed down the generations in your family, and that you are going to live there again. They tell him how some bullies took the house from your family many years ago.
I know some will downvote me and refer me to r/answers, but I purposefully ask here in the hopes of getting as bare-bones an answer as possible (hence the sub). Haven't particularly kept up with Turkey goings-on in the past few years, but I always thought they seemed like a pretty secular nation...To understand why the protests are happening, you need to understand some of the history of Turkey as a nation, and the Ottoman Empire before it. To understand the Ottoman Empire, you need to understand the Islamic concept of a caliphate. So, here goes: In the Islamic world, there has always been the concept of a "caliph," which in Arabic means "successor"– a successor to Muhammad. Sometimes, people think of a caliph like a "Muslim Pope," which isn't really accurate. The concept of a caliphate and a caliph isn't tied to any particular region. Instead, the idea is that the Caliph represents all Muslims, and has the authority to speak for them. In the most basic terms, it's a symbol of where power in the Islamic world rests at any given time. Here's where the Ottoman Empire comes in. As one of the most powerful states in the world for a few centuries, it was natural that the Caliphate was based in Constantinople, the capital of the Ottoman Empire, for most of that time. It's for this reason that the Ottoman Empire is often considered the fourth (and last) caliphate. Now comes Turkey. After World War I, the Ottoman Empire collapsed, and the war's victors were already circling like vultures, ready to pick apart Ottoman territory. However, there was a guy named Mustafa Kemal (or Ataturk, meaning father of all Turks)– he is basically the George Washington of Turkey, and it was with his leadership that Turkey managed to survive as a single state. Here's the catch: Ataturk also established a strong tradition of secularism in the Turkish state, and he
[deleted]Not sure if this is good for a five year old but tried to keep it simplistic. China has very few markets for regular people to invest in other than the housing market. The regular people do however have lots of saved cash and are very afraid of inflation (their money will become weaker and they'll lose money in the banks) so they dont' want it all sitting in the bank. So this led to a huge investment of money into the housing market. With this huge investment many people became VERY rich and powerful and grew to become very good freinds with government leaders. These leaders kept the housing market going and pretended not to see the housing bubble being created for a long time because everyone was making so much money. By the time they realized it was a problem it was too late and the bubble was too big to allow it to burst. To solve this problem the government decided to slow down construction of houses, but they couldn't stop it completely or people might panic and collapse the bubble. Plus because the construction industry is so big, it helps many other industries grow as well and shutting down the construction industry would probably collapse many other markets int he country and many people would lose money and jobs.
Snowden seems to be releasing new information every few weeks. Why not release them all, so we can know the extent of what various governments are doing to spy on their citizens and other governments?Because if he releases everything at once the news will just focus on what they find most interesting and not really talk about the rest. By leaking it like this he keeps it in the news and keeps the news focused on everything he shares. It gets more attention this way.It also keeps the media focused. If Snowden had just dumped it all three weeks ago, the media would have moved on to a Kardashian or some other pointless story by now.He's also been able to selectively release documents that keep making the government have to back up and eat their words when they make claims he can disprove.I think it also has to do with his own personal security. We know that he hasn't released everything and that probably makes other nations more prone to side with him if there's a possibility that the leak would shed light on more spying in that nation.
It's so nice to watch American sports when you're used to team jerseys looking like a patchwork of ads here in Europe! Why is this? It feels like it should be the other way around since america seems to be able to cram in ads most other ways.One small factor at least for soccer is the way the games are broadcast. Soccer has two undisturbed 45 minute halves and one halftime. This means that there are only commercial opportunities at halftime and halftime commercial spots are generally assumed to be viewed less. Thus they need to make more visibility for their sponsors by using logos on the jerseys. The big three American sports are littered with commercial breaks so this problem doesn't ariseNascar is loaded with commercials and sponsorships.Thanks for this reply, it sounds very likely and makes total sense. But it doesn't really answer why they don't choose to have logos on uniforms anyway, just to make a shit ton more of money? Maybe there's more pride in the jersey over there, like a sports culture thing? What about soccer in the states?The big three
I am reteaching myself math, but something is bugging me soooo bad and I can't find the answer. What is a real life example of multiplying a fraction by a fraction? I was wondering why .05 to the 5th exponent would get smaller not bigger. This is driving me bonkers.Assuming you're in the US. Start by wearing shoes and other items of clothing that are easy to slip on and off. The hardest part of flying is usually the security check. If you haven't printed your ticket at home, you will need to get it before going through security. There are many booths separated by Airline with very long lines. You can often use the self-serve booth if you are not checking a bag, as this will be much faster. (Don't forget your passport and other credentials when flying out of the country.) Once done here, you will go through security. Take off your belt, jewelry, etc. before getting to the front of the line. Act naturally with the guard that checks your ticket. He or she will likely ask you questions about your name, age, and destination. Put all metal, loose items, LAPTOP, shoes, etc. in the tray once you get to the x-ray machine and put your backpack on the conveyor belt itself. You may be "randomly chosen" to go through the full body x-ray screener, in which case, you should just follow their instructions. Wait for the guard to wave you through, and step into the metal detector. Pick up your items on the other side of the machine, get out of the way, and put them back where they belong. Make your way to your Gate (printed on the ticket) and wait until your flight is called. They will call passengers over the intercom system by Section (A, B, C, D, etc.) When you hear your section, line up with your ticket in hand and proceed through the checkpoint. Say Hi to the flight attendants if they greet you (they like this kind of stuff). Quickly make your way to your seat and SIT DOWN. Everyone will get annoyed if you're the guy blocking the aisle. They will go through a safety demonstration. If someone needs to get to the seat on the other side of you, just stand up and let them walk past.
I understand parentheses but why, for instance, do we multiple before we add?I actually know this one! Mathematician here who has spent a lot of time reading about this: It's because of polynomials. Polynomials want to be written (5 * (x3 )) + (3 * (x2 )) + (4 * x) + 1. Notice that this has a lot, a lot, of parentheses. Around the time that this notation was getting formalized, polynomials and their properties were considered the most important use of algebra. Over time people got lazy, and stopped writing the parentheses at all, but everyone knew what was meant. This eventually became formalized as an "order of operations." Allowing us to write 5x3 + 3x2 + 4x + 1, the very compact and modern notation, and everyone knows that the exponent applies to the x (and not the coefficient) and that you multiply each term before you add them together.Well, in fact I found out that there is more to it than just that. Let's start with the most basic operator, addition. With only addition, we need no order of operations.
I keep seeing posts about her today, and I don't get what she did that was so bad it would cancel out all the good she did.There are a variety of complaints against Mother Teresa. Here are some of the most common. 1- She accepted donations from shady sources including infamous 3rd world dictators and embezzled funds. She also associated with various questionable figures, and took sides in Indian politics. 2- She used very little of the donations for actual charity. Much of the donations she received went to either missionary work or the general RCC funds, even when earmarked for charity. The exact proportion is unknown because she refused to release any info except where absolutely required by law. 3- The medical care she offered did not meet standards, even for third world hospice care. And quotes like this, "I think it is very beautiful for the poor to accept their lot, to share it with the passion of Christ. I think the world is being much helped by the suffering of the poor people," and "the most beautiful gift for a person that he can participate in the sufferings of Christ," certainly don't put her in the best light. Her goal was never to treat the poor sick. Her goals were conversion and to help people suffer properly to prepare their souls for the afterlife. Added to this the fact that she went to western hospitals when she herself got sick, makes her look like a hypocrite as well.
If I should be waiting for an "official" ELI5 for this topic, I'm sorry to waste everyone's time. Can anyone give me an ELI5 overview of the situation as we know it currently? Time span Implications Who is effected NSA's role Political effects Etc.Here’s a good summary. But the main theme is that the government is collecting a lot of data, but not looking at it. I’ve organized the most important facts below. Legal Authority: Section 215 of the Patriot Act allows the government to get any personal information from anyone if they can prove to a special court that they need this information to investigate terrorism or spies. The Patriot Act is complex and I’m a little drunk, but I recall there being other provisions, too. Timing: The NSA makes an application to a special “FISA” court every 90 days, showing why this data needs to be collected. Once they get the data, the NSA retains it for 5 years in a separate database (MARINA) accessible by only a special, authorized group (people in the RAGTIME P program). Data collected: The government has to follow very different procedures for “wiretapping” phone calls. The data they’re collecting is much less invasive, but still really serious. Basically, they get the telephone records that Verizon is already keeping about those calls. This includes who made and received phone calls; when they were made; how long they lasted; and sometimes, where the phones were during the calls. : Verizon gives all of the above data to the government. But it doesn’t want to, and refused until the government got a FISA court order.
Okay, ex-soundie here with my $0.02: I reckon that you're listening on a bad mix. Or more specifically, the 5.1 mix downmixed to stereo, during which you are supposed to bump up the center channel by 6dB, but even that is sometimes not enough. ** If you listen to just the center channel of a surround mix, you will hear pretty much only dialogue. If you listen to the left and right channels of a surround mix, you will hear no dialogue. The reason for this is complex, but suffice it to say that it was to prevent dialogue from "drifting" left or right of the screen. It always comes out of the middle. This has the added advantage of not being mixed in with the rest of the sound, so post-processing won't accidentally quiet it. Unless you get rid of the center channel and mix it back in with the left and right channels. Then post-processing (also called mastering) can affect it and will sometimes grind down the voice levels if it's not done properly. **EDIT: People bitching that this is not sufficiently ELI5y: A channel is the part of a soundtrack that comes out of one speaker. For example, in stereo there are two channels: left and right. In 5.1 surround there are six: left, center, right, back-left, back-right, and low-frequency effect (for rumbles and thunder and such). When you reduce the number of channels by combining some of them together, that's called . Typically, a surround mix is downmixed to stereo by adding together the left, back-left and center into the left channel, and the right, back-right and center into the right channel (the LFE channel is usually discarded).
Being an old git, I kind of stopped listening to new music in the early 90s. Since then it seems there was a vast explosion in electronic music and there are now all these subgenres I keep hearing about. My interest has rekindled and I want to explore it but there's an overwhelming amount out there. Can someone give me an ELI5 rundown of what each subgenre is like and who the top few artists are in it?Here is a handy animated guide. It has descriptions for the primary genres as well as many of the obscure subgenres. And of course, a handful of samples for each category that you can listen to right away. This has been around for at least 5 years and I don't know how up to date it is. But you should be plenty informed after exploring it.I've seen this before, awesome, but it really needs an update. Edit: Ok, everyone needs to chill the fuck out and take this guy's descriptions less seriously. The disclaimer for the guide openly admits that the guide is "a non-technical, irreverent critique of electronic dance music. Its purpose is to entertain before it informs." and that "several biases here are celebrated lavishly". Source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ishkur's_Guide_to_Electronic_Music#Accuracy
Red Herring, Straw man, ad hominem, etc. Basically, all the common ones.There are loads. But some common ones: Ad hominem To attack the person not the argument: "We should increase taxes", "Don't listen to him, he only showers once a week". I've been getting a lot of replies about this one. An ad hominem only occurs if you ignore the argument and attack the person to undermine the argument. "It's hot outside, let's all go for ice-cream." "That's a bad idea. I'm diabetic, you moron" is not ad hominem. It's not a very nice response, but he still counters the argument with a reason. "Men are more likely to drink-drive, so all men should be banned from driving." "You're a massive idiot." still isn't really ad hominem; he is attacking the person, but it is more like an insult than a counter argument. "Board games are the root of all evil. If we ban them then crime will go down." "You are clearly uneducated and a fool, so this cannot be true." is an ad hominem fallacy. And now I've probably made everything more confusing. Circular Reasoning Where the reason relies on the conclusion being true. "God exists because the Bible says so; Bible is true since it's the word of God". Slippery slope The assumption that accepting one thing will lead to increasing undesirable other things. "If we let the immigrants in then they will take our jobs, leaving us homeless and then our children will be forced to work as prostitutes for food. Is that what you want? Child prostitutes?"
Why can commercials lie and get away with it? I mean in both a relative and a literal sense. I.E. 'Our product is the best'. But also, 'Our product will get rid of any stain and is better than other products because insert bullshit. Another example would be 'Studies with the most famous scientists have shown we are not trying to sell bullshit'. Why isn't this illegal? With love, BaetterWeasel-words. A product being 'best' doesn't quantify what 'best' means. Is it the most effective? Or cost-effective? It makes it hard to pin down what they're actually claiming. So they can't be told to lie. And with the 'scientific studies' usually doesn't actually say what the outcome of the study was. Just that it's taken place, which is of course true. Most commercials are made up out of weasel words like that. Edit: People have mentioned the term 'puffery' a few times instead of weasel-words. I'm not a walking dictionary I picked the wrong term. So replace the term weasel-words with puffery allright?Other weasel words often used that I can think of: "proven to help solve this problem" "Do you think all such-and-suches are the same? Challenge that notion." "fights the bacteria that causes blah blah blah"
A relative of mine used to eat shrimps, crabs etc. almost weekly for years. Now he's suddenly allergic to that type of food and can't eat anything related to that without suffering from allergic reactions. Why and how does this happen?I am curious about this as well. My wife has recently acquired an allergy to bananas. She used to have no problem eating them. Now if she eats one (or anything with banana in it) the inside of her mouth itches. Also, weren't peanut allergies virtually unheard of like 50 years ago or something? Now they can be deadly. What's up with that?sounds a bit like oral allergy syndrome http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oral_allergy_syndromeThe inside of the mouth itching this is familiar to me- Avocados and guacamole used to make my mouth itch something fierce, sometimes my throat would feel a bit swollen and numb as well. Then one day (or over a period of days, I would imagine) it was gone! I'm eating an avocado right now. no problems.Could be food latex allergy. Banana is high on the list of foods that cause reaction in people with the allergy.
I really can't think of any real reason other than celebrities sign something when they get big that allows anyone to use their image for anything. That theory of mine just sounds a bit ridiculous.Laws differ by country, so my answer applies to the United States... In general, if a person is in a place where they don't have a reasonable expectation of privacy (street, shopping center, etc.) you are allowed to take their picture and publish it (newspaper, tv, Internet, etc.) if it's in the public interest. For example, if you are walking down the street on a hot day and I take a picture of you wiping sweat off your brow I can publish the picture in the newspaper, without your permission, to illustrate an article about the hot weather. However, I can not use that picture in an advertisement for sunscreen (or anything else for that matter) without your permission. There are exceptions to this rule that protect people from libel and invasion of privacy, but there's no law requiring news organizations from blurring out faces.In Australia, the only time they're legally obligated to blur out faces is when dealing with minors in relation to court cases &c. A lot of news places here blur faces at their own discretion, & it's up to each outlet to decide whether or not they want to blur images for non-minors.
I love spicy food even though it can be a bit painful to eat things as spicy as I enjoy. The aftermath of spicy food can be pretty awful as well, so why do people enjoy the mouth burning sensations of spicy food?Because eating spicy food causes your body (pituitary gland and hypothalamus, specifically) to release endorphins. Endorphins are the same chemicals your body produces when you experience pain, orgasm, etc. They have an effect similar to opiates, causing pleasurable feelings and numbing the sensation of pain. That, and there is the social "my balls are bigger than yours, watch this" aspect.Is it the pain of the spicyness that causes the endorphins to release, or is it something else?Hijacking this comment so that we can actually get to the bottom of this. While we do release those endorphins, it still begs the question as to why those endorphins are released. Prof Paul Sherman theorizes that it is because of the antimicrobial qualities of the spices. It is evolutionarily beneficial: "Sherman's research shows that people in warmer regions of the world benefit from eating spicier foods, because spices are natural antimicrobials. Food-borne pathogens and parasites are more prolific in warmer climates, and spices can kill or inhibit their growth.
In some states, a cemetery has to set money aside in a trust fund to pay for future maintenance once it's no longer active. They basically close once they're full and the trust takes care of the basic maintenance. This doesn't apply to all cemeteries or in all states.You've hit on the most accurate answer for the States. Other answers saying they clean out graves 10-15 years old are incorrect for the US, there are very strict laws about digging up graves, and it can only be done in limited circumstances. Even then, the remains are usually relocated, and not casually disposed of or deposited in a mass grave. In fact, in most US cemeteries that have been around for a while, it is common to see many graves 100+ years old. The cemetery must establish a trust fund with very conservative investments and reserves. When it is full, it becomes something like a park in most cases. They do still run out of money occasionally (for example, if the neighborhood takes a turn for the worse and people stop getting buried there). In those cases the cemetery is usually just left to decay, and perhaps be one of the cases of relocation for redevelopment.
[deleted]I also think that OP should state what level of understanding they already have. I see questions all the time that are just "Help I don't get this topic help please". I could write you a six page paper on the topic if necessary, or I could give you a short paragraph explaining it, depending on your current understanding and how in-depth you need the answer to be. If OP asks a question from a school class, they should state if they're in an AP, Honors, or standard class.Part of it is that this is that subreddit has completely outgrown it's original purpose. In it's early days it was actually fairly hard topics explained at a 5 year old (sometimes 7 year old) level. For people with literally no prior experience in that field. Some questions are still at that level, but others like recent ones: "Fowler–Nordheim tunneling" and "differences between 0/1/1,5/2/3-operand instruction sets" are clearly not made by either a 5 year old, or a person with no experience who heard about it on the news, or knows it's an important part of some field. Then the comments that answer it appropriately get flamed for "not being ELI5". If these comments were replaced with "this part is making too many assumptions, can you explain it further/more simply?", I think this subreddit would be in a much better spot.
Socialism can mean several different things depending on context. Formally, socialism is an economic system where the production of stuff (eg food, housing, and "commodities") is controlled by the people doing the producing. This is opposed to the current system where a small class of wealthy individuals owns controlling interest in production, and a majority of people exchange work for money paid to them by the owners. In practice "socialism" encompasses everything from state ownership of all land and productive material on one end of the spectrum, to some state intervention into the market economy in order to alleviate the pain of capitalism on the other end of the spectrum. The "some state intervention" is the common practice in developed economies, and fundamentally all mainstream political debate takes place in that range of action. Most people worldwide don't hate either the concept of socialism or socialism as currently practiced. There is a hard dislike of the term socialism in the United States, possibly as a legacy of the cold war, possibly because no mainstream politicians defend it. The "socialist" policies in place in the United States are very popular, however. Think Social Security, the VA, graduated income taxes, etc.
Put simply, if you make something twice as big, it weighs EIGHT TIMES as much. If you go in the other direction (making something half as big), then it weighs 1/8 what it did before. So you can see that something that's REALLY small will weigh almost nothing. Also, for really small things like insects, air acts like it's pretty thick. All those legs and body pieces slow them down, sort of like a parachute. Insects don't weigh much, and the air slows them down quite a bit. That's why humans fall like a rock and insects sort of don't. EDIT: More infos, gathered up from the comments. They say falling doesn't kill you--its the sudden stop at the end. While ants top out at about 4mph in freefall (and humans go on to 125mph or more), what really saves their bacon is being so light. Since they weigh so little, there's a lot less of them that has to be slowed down when their little anty body hits the ground.This is the same reason why if a child smashes two Hot Wheels together, they bounce off one another unharmed rather than turning into a mangled miniature mess of twisted steel.
Article: http://news.yahoo.com/mathematician-claims-proof-connection-between-prime-numbers-131737044.html What does this mean in terms of Math, Encryption, everyday life? EDIT: Please view the video explaining encryption from the original content creator here: http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/zq013/eli5_what_the_discovery_of_the_proof_of/c6777ee Only use the Wimp link if you are a bad person :)Oh my goodness, I know that I'm late to this party and this is going to get buried but the top answer, while it does a good job of explaining the basic idea behind RSA Encryption, has nothing to do with the answer to the question except that both answers ought to contain the word "prime". The ABC conjecture doesn't say anything about the distribution of primes or help you find new primes or anything like that. Proving or disproving it would have absolutely no foreseeable impact on internet security. It's been suspected to be true for a long time, so its proof, while exciting, isn't necessarily surprising. Someone had to prove it since it was sort of something that was "obviously true" in a way, but no proof was known. If you would like a real answer, here it is. There is a law in math that is so important that it is called The Fundamental Theorem of Arithmetic. It says the following: every natural number greater than 1 (the natural numbers are the numbers 1, 2, 3, ...) is either a prime number, or is the product of at least two prime numbers, and not both. Furthermore, if it's the second option, then the set of prime numbers which multiply together to equal that number is unique—that is, there is no other set of prime numbers which multiplies together to equal the number in question. Then, every natural number greater than 1 has a : if a number is prime, like 17, then the prime factorization is {17}. If a number is composite like 48, then the prime factorization is {2, 2, 2, 2, 3}. You can reorder those numbers, but you can't take any out or add any or switch any for other prime numbers and expect them to multiply to be 48.
Federalist #39 (the series of letters written by the authors of the Constitution wherein they told us what it means) is very clear about why the Electoral college exists, and it isn't about "communications difficulties" or "the people are too stupid to directly elect a President" They did it this way because they did a thorough study of the history of civilizations and discovered the both democracy and federalist governments have inherent flaws that tend to cause the society to collapse into despotism. The looked a Greek, Roman, and Lycean democracies, Germany Federal Republic, and others. The first 3 Federalist Papers are little more than a history lesson, and fascinating. Our system of government is crafted to avoid those inherent flaws by combining some parts of democracy (the House of Representatives, every citizen has an equal say therefore populous states have greater sway) with some parts of a Republic (the Senate, every state has an equal say regardless of population). The electoral college is the combination of those two ideas, neither wholly democratic nor wholly federal, but a combination of the two that overcomes the weaknesses of each.While it's true that this was the intention of (at least some of) the authors of the Constitution, it is extremely misleading to suggest that the Electoral College was at all at achieving this goal. Indeed, the politics surrounding presidential elections almost immediately deviated enormously from their original expectations (cf. the 12th Amendment, which was passed less than 20 years later and sought to rectify one of the most glaring problems that had arisen). Within a few decades it was pretty much universally understood that the Constitution's approach to presidential elections had failed rather miserably, but the system was too entrenched politically to change it.
[deleted]Since I don't really see it being said elsewhere, there are a variation of schizophrenic symptoms. It is not all the same. Some schizophrenics believe themselves to be someone they are not -- such as a king. This feels exactly as it sounds. You honestly believe you are someone that you are not. A king, the target of a government conspiracy because you know too much, whatever. It's usually someone very important. Some schizophrenics hear or see things that are not there -- as adequately described by kindredflame. Some schizophrenics believes weird situations -- like conspiracy theorists or aliens. To add a little more to what kindredflame said, it feels horrible. Different types of schizophrenia feel differently, I imagine; but one type is the good/bad voices. It's a surprisingly common type of schizophrenia where there are two or more voices in your head. They are almost always dichotomous in that one is telling you good things ("You're a great person," "You're going to achieve great things," "You should be proud of yourself.") and the other is telling you horrible things ("Life isn't worth living," "You are nothing," "You should just kill yourself," "Nobody loves you."). Have you ever been in a room where everyone was talking too loud, and you had to go outside for some quiet? It's like that, except you can't go outside. Ever. Not even at night. You are just constantly in that room. And not only is everyone talking really loudly, they are talking about , and they are talking in extremes. Not realistically. They are talking about how you are either the greatest person on the planet or the worst person on the planet, and they mean it. They aren't joking. This is what they think about you, really loudly, 24/7, and you have to listen to it, and you can't make them stop.
The law says they have to put through the transactions on the day they happen. Nothing in the law says they have to put them in order. That's it. It's just not in the law one way or another. To be fair, the merchant might process them late so the order Bank of America gets them might not be the order they happened in.To be fair, the merchant might process them late so the order Bank of America gets them might not be the order they happened in. Unfortunately, this is not the case. It's their explicitly stated policy to post transactions that hit the account on the same day from largest to smallest, forcing you to possibly incur multiple overdraft charges even if you only made one purchase that put your account over. I know because I closed my account with them over this issue.Citizen's Bank was served with a class-action lawsuit (and subsequent settlement) for these very reasons. They processed debits in order from largest to smallest, and they processed debits before deposits, resulting in millions of clients receiving overdraft fees for which they were not responsible.
I'm teaching in Korea at the moment, which recently surpassed Japan in suicide rates. Korea has the highest suicide rate in the world, among the top 31 wealthiest nations now, and suicide is the number one cause of death for people under the age of 40 in the country. last time I checked, anyway (about 2 months ago). Japan and Korea certainly share some similarities. The week or so after I arrived, a 10 year old girl at a school near my town got a decent grade on a report card. It wasn't the best grade, it wasn't the worst. Her mom was pissed and, as a punishment, took her to the barber shop to get her hair cut way shorter than usual. A few days later the girl jumped from the 17th story of her apartment building. She left a bunch of notes written to her friends in crayon that said "Life is too difficult." Even in Asian countries that aren't communist, the cultures are still collectivist. You're not really you. You are a cog in your society. You're expected to do your part, keep your head down, bust your ass, and not think too much about why. Kids here, even the tiny elementary school kids, have longer days than I do.
Not all scientists believe this to be correct. Stephen Hawking even did a conference on it. On earth we are all carbon based. We require water to sustain ourselves. This is the only form of life that we know of currently so water is what we generally assume would be needed in order for life to reside elsewhere. Nitrogen, Phosphorous, Silicon, etc are all elements that could possibly lead to other forms of organisms. These other organisms could possibly sustain themselves without water but instead substituting it with Ammonia, hydrogen sulfide, hydrogen chloride, formamide, and several other elements. These all share similar properties to water. So in other words we know it's possible for carbon based life to reside elsewhere if there is water. So that's what we look for. The rest are theoretical and unknown to us.One reason Carbon is the most likely element to be the basis for life is because it is the most versatile element out there, leaving all of the rest behind in how many various molecules it can form. Life is nothing if not a fan of variation. Water is also quite unique in its physical properties, in all three basic forms no other liquid acts the same way. There are oceans of liquid Methane on Saturn's moon Titan, but it doesn't have the friendliest attributes. For example something can't get "wet" with liquid methane, osmosis being very important in many forms of life, would be difficult with other liquids.
I understand the ad is usually considerably shorter than the video, but the buffer times are often not relative. It feels like they have two totally separate sources. I notice this less on YouTube, but more so on VoD services (namely 4oD and BBCiPlayer) Edit: two Edit 2: So I got a PM telling me a comment from this thread had been Best Of'd. So I think to myself someone must have the perfect answer that people are finding really useful. Nope Just Aunt Marjorie's Honey Baked Possum recipe :)Ads are generally served from a separate server or Content Delivery Network (CDN), as you guessed. Content providers contract with ad providers like Doubleclick or Freewheel to fill ad slots. When you play a video, the player makes a call to the ad provider, which serves an ad from their own network.Makes sense I guess. Is there a reason that the ad speed is consistently better than the main content? Is it simply a case of them being more concerned about ad delivery than content delivery, so the ad CDN would pay more than the content CDN for better speeds etc? I hope that makes sense.Upvote for finally putting to rest what cdn means. I see it in the browser status bar all the time. Been curious, but never enough to Google it. Thanks!
"Vernix caseosa, also known as vernix, is the waxy or cheese-like white substance found coating the skin of newborn human babies. Vernix starts developing on the baby in the womb around 18 weeks into pregnancy." http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vernix_caseosa or "What's that cheesy stuff that's all over newborn babies?"Vernix protects the fetus skin until he is "done cooking". A term infant (one who is born on time, 38-41 weeks gestation) will only have vernix present in the skin folds, like behind the knees and in the neck and genitals. A premature infant will be born covered in vernix. A post-term infant will have no vernix present. His skin will typically be dry and peeling, especially the hands and feet (the amniotic fluid has a high salt content).. Where does the vernix go, you make ask????? Essentially, the fetus eats it! Surfactant is a substance which is produced in the lungs. It makes the lungs very easy to inflate, like a balloon that is blown up many times over. It works by reducing surface tension, like soap. Once the fetal lungs have matured and begun producing the surfactant, the fetus exhales the substance into the amniotic fluid. This causes the vernix to release from the skin. The fetus eats and breathes in the vernix chunks. While this sounds gross, the vernix actually has immunological properties similar to breast milk, helping to provide the soon to be born infant with an immune system! So cool . how it all works. Premature infants are born covered in vernix and have difficulty breathing because their lungs have not produced the surfactant yet. Source: I am a nursing faculty member who teaches OB (birthing babies)
I am a bookbinder by trade, so I feel equipped to answer your question. As dko pointed out, books are not printed the way you print thing at home. However, you can absolutely, totally print a book at home. As a testament to that, I do it all the time. Why The Extra Sheets? Hard cover books especially are prone to having extra sheets in the front and back of the book, and there are a few reasons for this. If you look at the graphic dko posted here, you can see the basic structure of the book. Fold a sheet of paper in half, and you now have four pages. Fold another sheet in half and nest it inside of that one. Do this two more times and you have what is called a signature. You could achieve a similar result by taking four sheets of paper on top of each other and folding them in half to make a signature. A book is made by combining several of these signatures together in the form of a text block. A good book will have them sewn together, but many paperbacks will just be glued through a slightly different process. Now remember that each set of pages is a piece of paper folded in half (a folio), this means that every book must contain a multiple of four pages. But every book is different. Some might have 401 pages. This isn't divisible by 4 evenly, so what do we do? Sure, we could cut out that one page. But what if the book was 399 pages? Are you going to cut 3 pages of content out? Probably not. To even out the signatures so they have the correct number of pages, blank pages will be inserted.
And don't give me that " Your dog doesn't see kids as a threat because they are small", that fucking faggot is afraid of squirrels.domestic dogs are social animals, like humans, because we have selectively bred the most social dogs over the course of thousands of years. However, this selection has been so successful that dogs are not just social with themselves, they also include humans in that social sphere. This means that when a dog sees a child, it doesn't see a small adult human, it sees a puppy in human form. The dog can recognise that a child is a baby human, not just one that happens to be small. NOW, the dog will automatically place itself somewhere in what it sees as the house hierarchy. This is where how the dog is raised becomes really important. If the dog is raised with love and kindness and given treats and not treated badly then he will see his family like a cooperative pack. The dog will generally be friendly, loyal, happy and confident and they will generally let kids get away with the same goofiness that puppies get away with. On the other hand, if the dog is raised with violence, anger and intimidation, you will find an anxious animal that sees its family as a competitive pack ... and children better watch themselves. TL;DR - a dog in a loving family will be tolerant of kids and protective of the property, a dog raised in an abusive family is more likely to snap or be afraid of strangers.
I am reteaching myself math, but something is bugging me soooo bad and I can't find the answer. What is a real life example of multiplying a fraction by a fraction? I was wondering why .05 to the 5th exponent would get smaller not bigger. This is driving me bonkers.Although laws vary by region, anything filmed in a public place can broadcast anyone's face. No one has a reasonable expectation of privacy in public. Why you see so many blurred faces, is because it's often beneficial to the production company to do this. There is rarely law that forces them to. Take true crime reality TV like Cops, or The First 48. Everyone who is arrested, can have their face broadcast. That's typically the law. This is why you'll see the people placed under arrest try to hide their face, but they won't be blurred. Same goes for court TV, and TV journalism outside court houses. Bystanders, witnesses, family, etc. are asked to sign a release. If they aren't willing, they are told their faces will be blurred, and their voices altered if they wish. This is so that the production of the TV show, doesn't hamper the investigation. If people watched these shows and saw that they never blur faces, they'd be much less likely to talk to the police, if they know their face will be broadcast. No police department would let a reality TV show get in the way of their investigation. Hence, all the blurred faces. Celebrities, and politicians are aware of these laws, they know that anyone can film anything in a public places. Launching lawsuits is a waste of their time and money.
“If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough” – Albert Einstein As I'm sure you already know, this subreddit is by far the quickest-growing in reddit's history, and is already in the top 100 on the entire site. However, with our rapidly growing size we'll need to be extra careful that we head in the right direction. Most importantly, remember the name of the subreddit. This is for legitimately elementary school-level explanations. Here is a wonderful example. Here, on the other hand, is something we should steer clear of (no offense to Nebula42; it's very informative but you'd be hard-pressed to find a five-year-old who can understand it). Some topics are very difficult to explain on a low level, but keep in mind the Einstein quote above. Our other policies will be opened now for public discussion. We want to create an environment of friendly collaboration, so instead of making unilateral decisions we're going to propose a number of options for this /r/ and see what the popular opinion is. The ability to mark your question as answered. If we implement this, by responding to a post with some keyphrase ("thank you" or something similar) you will trigger a CSS bot to mark your post with a check, letting other users know immediately that the post has been answered. To ensure that we stay on an elementary school level, you would only mark an answer as sufficient if you really and truly believe it is simple enough for an elementary school student. Alternatively, we could have a panel of mods decide if an answer is good and apply checks accordingly. Discuss. A way to distinguish between actual questions and other posts. Administrative posts, suggestions for the /r/, and other submissions not actually looking for an explanation could be somehow distinguished (I suggest by having the link color of non-question posts be faded). This would require having a keyword (LI5 or ELI5) in the question posts so they are easily distinguished. This also means users will be forced to use LI5 or ELI5 or their post will be miscategorized. Discuss. User tags for users who consistently give good answers. Similar to something r/askscience has, we'd like to give tags to users who repeatedly give educated and, more importantly, simple explanations of complicated topics. The how, when, and what are less clear. Discuss. Removing comments which add nothing. I would personally like to see fewer comments like this in this subreddit. I feel it clogs threads and takes focus away from responders who have something to add (like this response to the same parent comment). I would support reporting/removing comments which add nothing, but again – this thread is for public discussion of policies. We hope this subreddit will continue to grow in a positive and fruitful direction, and we can't do it without your help in guiding it. Please discuss any of the above topics in the comment section! tl;dr – read the bold partsI'll say that I disagree with the user tagging system. Doing so creates a hierarchy and an artificial authority that we don't need in this particular subreddit. It should be that anyone can ask a question and anyone can answer it. Let the community decide what a good answer is. The rules already preclude people from speculating. It also asks for sources. This should be enough to make sure answers are at least factually-correct.I'll say that I disagree with the user tagging system. Doing so creates a hierarchy and an artificial authority that we don't need in this particular subreddit. It should be that anyone can ask a question and anyone can answer it. I think this is a very good point. I'm also unclear so far on how a user tagging system would work, so right now I'm leaning towards your side. However, my opinions are very subject to change if other people propose brilliant ways of tagging users.
Happened to notice that there exist (cough cough) software called "Keygens" on the internet, which can apparently generates serial keys that can be used to freely activate commercial software. Wonder how such "Keygen" software could be thought up by hackers..Alright, for this explanation, let us assume that we have a program that you want to "try". This program needs a key that has 16 numbers, each one 0 to 9. le_dom said that you acquire a small amount of keys and generate the formula based on those. However, say we have the following: 0478-1033-6147-0333 5500-3511-1819-5675 9172-3163-6369-9191 7908-1171-1394-7075 2550-2711-4216-2469 1234-1321-1233-1233 8142-0797-1001-8445 9336-0002-5196-9025 ...it's seemingly impossible to see any pattern in that. The people who make programs try to make it hard to guess which ones are valid and which ones aren't. However, when you put the key into the program, it somehow knows if the key is valid or not. What the program is doing is checking a predetermined formula to see if the key fulfills the formula. Now, here's where the hackers are clever. Instead of just trying to figure out the formula by guessing, they (disassemble it) and look at what it's told to do when it's given a key. That is the formula that is needed. They take that formula, and write a program of their own that makes keys so that formula is fulfilled.
Edit: I'm sorry I didn't follow the posting guidelines. The title should have read as follows: ELI5 - What exactly are muscle knots? I assume they form under stress, but why do they stay formed for long periods of time? Edit 2: Thank all of you for your responses and answers!! For some reason, the most highly voted answer has been deleted. I pasted a copy of that text below. (Shout out to chaveza94!) From chaveza94 - This is what the top comment that has now been deleted said: "Muscle knots are tiny automatic splints that form in muscles where you have tears. Here's what's going on. Your muscles (with the exception of your tongue), can only do two things: contract, and stop contracting. When you move your arm, the muscle contracts, when you move it back the muscle that moved it first stops resisting, and lets the other muscle move it back. When one of your muscles is damaged and gets a tiny tear in it, it tries to keep the tear from getting worse by clenching down around the tear. The muscle stays like that until the tear is healed (usually takes a day or two, muscles heal extremely fast). Well... Now we have a problem... Remember how your muscles can only contract? Well... now you have that splint clenched as hard as it can, and it's stopped contracting, but we have become a lazy and indolent species, and while normally our natural movement would cause the splint to be relaxed out, now it stays... and hurts. We call these knots, because they feel like knots tied in a rope. Knots! Have very little to do with stress... But there is another kind of nasty muscle pain that is often misrepresented as a "knot". This is the Fascial Adhesion. If you are under stress, this is probably what you are feeling. Here's what happens... All of your body is covered in a thin sheath of material called Fascia, every cell, is covered in it, it's what gives you your shape. Well muscle fibers covered in the stuff move within it back and forth. In places where your body doesn't need to move the muscle, so much as have it remain in place and strong, the fibers die out and the fascia bonds together. This happens normally, and it results in a tendon. This is perfectly normal... up to a point. When you are stressed you have a tendency to bunch up muscles and keep them that way. After a while the muscle fibers throw in the towel, and signal to the body that they are not really a muscle (biologically expensive) and could be replaced by a tendon (biologically inexpensive), and the fascia starts to bond together. This causes "muscle tightness" and frankly, hurts. If you get a massage and it hurts like someone took a hot knife through your muscles? It's the Fascial Adhesion breaking apart. Solution: To both knots and fascial adhesions are the same. Get a massage to deal with the knots and adhesions you have now, and move more to keep from getting them again. Seriously. Yoga. Source: Massage therapist for a number of years."
First, I hate Flathead screws for what I believe are self-evident reasons. Second, I don't understand why switches mount with Phillips or combination Flathead-Phillips, but the plates mount with Flatheads. After researching screws (no kidding) on Wikipedia, I've determined that there is a really interesting history of screws, but no explanation for why we still use Flathead screws. EDIT: Excellent feedback. I accidentally clicked on the exclamation mark - I don't think the question has been answered by a long shot. It remains open, and weird. Aesthetics are largely subjective; to say that a line is more aesthetically pleasing than a star, hex, triangle, square,or any of the other screw drive types (longer list here) is a bit of a stretch. As far as being less noticeable, I disagree. A Spanner head or Robertson would look pleasing on a wall plate. As for paint issues, no one that I know spray's on wall plates - you remove these before painting, or tape over them. Lastly, as far as concerns of stripping bolts go, multiple individuals have pointed out the utility of Robertson heads; the inability to strip them because you have a limited number of drivers, unlike philips. As for myself, I use torque / torx heads or Robertson when I can, tolerate Phillips, and continue to grit my teeth when using Flathead screws. EDIT2: eelnitsud provides the following succinct reasoning: A flat head screw is used when a higher amount of torque is needed. It's shape allows it to be tightened tighter without the tool slipping. A philips head screw is used to prevent overtightening by allowing the tool to slip when a certain tention is reached. Flat head screws have been around much longer than power tools. - source: electrical trade school.Usually a flathead is used where you don't want somebody using a power tool. A power tool with a flat head bit could easily slip the end of the screw, losing control. With an electrical outlet, a power tool could cause problems if you accidentally over-tighten the screw. For example, the plate could crack, causing both the electrical wiring to be exposed and for the power tool to lose control from your grip... and hit said wiring.I am kind of embarrassed by the world-expanding epiphany this gave me. Everything in life makes a little more sense now.I worked on a maintenance crew as a work/study job when I was in college. It was where I learned most of my basic machine tool skills, welding, electrical, plumbing, etc. Was working with one of the electricians on a live panel once (stupid on his part, I know - I was just a noob, but he should have had the panel de-energized and locked out) and his screwdriver slipped while he was removing a breaker and it arced a 220V connection between two 110V poles on the bus panel. Blew a huge arc and knocked us both ass over teakettle sideways and temporarily blind. He was just really lucky he was holding the insulating handle of the screwdriver - the arc vaporized about an inch of the screwdriver tip.
I asked my dad this same question last week as he is a VP of maintenance at a large airport. The airports may be municipally owned (owned by the city that has the airport) or may be financed by bonds (that is the airport borrows the money from the city and pays it back in regular installments.) Airports make most of their money, not by raping the passengers on the cost of a cheeseburger, but by landing fees. These fees are set based on the landing weight of the aircraft. There are charts that show what the expected landing weight of a particular model of aircraft is based upon the number of passengers. The contract for per pound weight is negotiated for several years out and can be renegotiated if a need arises. The airport, for obvious reasons wants to get the per pound weight as high as it can. The airlines want it to be low. Set the rate too low, and the airport loses money. Set the rate too high, and the airlines will land somewhere else. Airports generally don't want aircraft to park at the airport, as this takes up space that could be better used by planes taking off and landing, however some of the larger airports may have some maintenance bays (hangers) that the aircraft can lease while services are being performed.
As others pointed out, it's probably not much faster, it's just that your brain doesn't understand where to break up the sounds into meaningful words, so you just hear a blur of alien syllables in rapid succession. However, there's a little more to it. There's been research done into this, and some languages legitimately are faster than others; sometimes much faster. BUT, that increased speed comes with a decrease in information density, so that the average amount of actual semantic content communicated per time is more or less the same across all languages (less than 5% difference across all languages). That suggests that the human brain has a fundamental speed limit on how quickly we can process spoken language, which is really cool. If that's too many science words for ELI5, the gist is that "slow" languages like Chinese might take 5 seconds to say 10 syllables, and "fast" languages like Spanish might take 5 seconds to say 20 syllables, but that 10 seconds of speech might express exactly the same information in both languages. They all sound fast if you don't speak that language, though.So, some are faster when listening to just syllables. Is there a list somewhere of the speed at which different languages are commonly spoken?
I am reteaching myself math, but something is bugging me soooo bad and I can't find the answer. What is a real life example of multiplying a fraction by a fraction? I was wondering why .05 to the 5th exponent would get smaller not bigger. This is driving me bonkers.When you're 5 years old a year is 20% of your entire life. A pretty big chunk. When you're 50 years old, a year is just 2%. In a way, a person who lives to be 100 has lived half of their life at just 25 or so years old (I have not done the math for this since I haven't had my coffee yet so that's an estimate)It's this plus novelty. As you get older, there are fewer and fewer things which are truly NEW to you. When something is new, you pay attention, you remember every detail, and your memories are more fully padded out by that new experience. When something is old-hat, you gloss it over and don't write it into your memory in nearly as much detail. As a result, your memory becomes filled with the memories of new experiences, which in a typical lifespan will be weighted heavily toward when you are younger. The obvious remedy to this problem is to actively seek out new experiences as you age. If time seems to be flying by, it's not because you're having fun; it's really because your mind is bored by all the repetitive stuff you're doing. Tl;dr: Your retroactive perception of time's passage is wholly dependent upon how many memories you are making and holding on to.
"Scientists have long been criticized of their inability to communicate complex ideas adequately to the rest of society. Similar to his questions on PBS' Scientific American Frontiers, actor Alan Alda wrote to the journal Science with a proposition called The Flame Challenge PDF. Contestants would have to explain a flame to an eleven-year-old kid, and the entries would be judged by thousands of children across the country. The winner of The Flame Challenge is quantum physics grad student Ben Ames, whose animated video covers concepts like pyrolysis, chemiluminescence, oxidation and incandescence boiled into a humorous video, complete with song. Now they are asking children age 10-12 to suggest the next question for the Flame Challenge. Kids out there, what would you like scientists to explain?"I loved this! Very informative. Though Beard-Torso kinda weirded me out.Pretty sure that was Prometheus, the bringer of fire, who was chained to a rock for his deeds to have a bird eat his liver every day (it grew back at night). See also Lucifer, bringer of fire. Hidden depths to this video there are.I have been asking every science, chemistry, and physics teacher and or professor this same question for 22 years. Now I have an answer.same here, ever since grade 6 science have I been asking this, and never have I had a satisfactory response.
Edit: Frontpage??Back when dinosaurs roamed the earth and instead of writing programs for 64b or 32b you wrote programs for a particular instruction set architecture, the Intel 8086 processor used a particularly popular one. A lot of successors to the 8086 had names which also ended in 86, hence the family were called x86. The 8086 was actually a 16b processor, but the x86 term became popular after the 32b 80386's introduction to the market. x64 is actually a shortened version of x86-64, which is a 64b extension to the x86 instruction set. These days, x86 implies 32b only, whilst x64 means 64b.Should also note, the more correct name for 32 bit Intel chips is IA-32 (Intel Architecture 32). 64 bit ended up getting officially named x86-64 because IA-64 already exists as the Itanium architecture, which is not binary compatible with IA-32 or x86-64, as well as the fact that x86-64 is actually just an extension of IA-32. x86 is also known as i386, however the x86 name was popularized because of competing non-Intel chips that were binary compatible, as well as Intel making evolutionary changes to i386 over the years resulting in expanded, and technically different, instruction sets.
About a month ago I submitted a post of "big questions" my 9 and 10 year old students had. http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/qklvn/questions_from_a_grade_34_class/ The kids were ecstatic to read the responses you all submitted. I was blown away at the communities willingness to answer all of their questions. They were so excited that they immediately started coming up with more questions and asked me to post them. Here is their latest batch of question. Why do we see the sky when we look up and not the universe? What are atoms made of? Why do we have fingernails on our fingertips? Why doesn’t it cover our whole body? Why did the Big Bang explode? Who was the first person on Earth? Why is a year 365 days? Why not 366 or 364? Why is there seven days in a week? Why do we laugh, smile and cry? What happens when you go in a black hole in space? What do deaf people hear when they think? Why do dogs only see in black and white? Who invented math? What is the sky? Why after you yawn do tears fall out? Will the human race die? Why is the moon gray? If you lose your tongue, can you still talk? How does electricity work? How does a nose smell things? Are ghosts real? Who thought of sign language? Why is there fat in our bodies? What was the first kind of bird on Earth? Why does a car need oil? How come when your feet are cold your tears are still warm? Why are there clouds? Why do we have nightmares? How do you put the lead in a pencil? How do we get helium if it goes in the air? Why do we need blood? How did atoms get created cause practically they are everywhere.I can only do one, but here goes: Why do we see the sky when we look up and not the universe? When you look up in the sky, you DO see the universe! The stars and planets and the sun are all part of the universe. When you see the stars, that's in outer space, which means it's really, really far away. The stars that you see are often bigger than our sun, but because they're so far away, they seem like little specks. They're part of the universe. Some of the stars that you see are actually planets, which is pretty cool. You can usually find Venus and Mars on clear nights. They're part of our solar system, which is our part of the universe. The reason that it looks like a black blanket with sparkles on it is because it's so far away that everything just seems tiny and flat. But it's not, it's immensely huge and it's growing all the time. When you look up in the daytime and you can't see the stars, you're still seeing the universe. The sun is part of the universe, but we're facing it, and so it makes it too bright to see the further-away light from the stars. When you're looking at the sun though, you're still looking at the universe. Ok, here's the exciting part. Look at your hand. Now look at the farthest away thing you can see. Now think about your best friend. Now imagine China. Think about your great-great-great-great-grandmother. Look at your desk. These things are all part of the universe too! Every time you look at anything, you're looking at the universe. You're part of the universe! You're made out of the same stuff that makes up all the other things, and everything came out of the Big Bang (which I'm hoping some other Redditor will have the good grace to explain, because I can't do it).
I read something about a frozen zone, and people being arrested for exercising constitutional rights. I can't seem to figure out what exactly happened or what's going on though.There was an incident in which a 16 year-old boy was shot and killed by police. Witnesses say that he had no weapon, but police say the opposite. There have been arrests at the wake for the boy, and three nights of protesting by the people in a part of Flatbush. The escalation of this protesting has lead to a serious increase in police presence and therefore an increased number of arrests. As for the 'frozen zone,' I'm not sure what that is. My understanding is that it allows the police to make arrests more easily and disallows media from gaining entrance to this area. EDIT: added a wordAs for the 'frozen zone,' I'm not sure what that is. My understanding is that it's just a "term of art" used by some police organizations. It has no real legal effect. However, the purpose is to denote certain areas where there is an extremely heavy police presence and where they will more than likely be "stop and frisk"-ing. Additionally, they will monitor the media's presence there (often, the media's presence heightens the conflict, as you might expect), but they do not prevent the media from having access.
I am reteaching myself math, but something is bugging me soooo bad and I can't find the answer. What is a real life example of multiplying a fraction by a fraction? I was wondering why .05 to the 5th exponent would get smaller not bigger. This is driving me bonkers.THE PROLOGUE: A group of extremely powerful guys form the "Wisemen's Committee," which is basically a group that rules the world from behind the scenes. The group gets bigger, and name themselves "The Philosophers." They pool shitloads of money together and continue ruling the world. One of their members tries to expose their existence to the world. They kill him. His daughter goes on to become a legendary soldier codenamed "The Joy," because she enjoys war so much. She and her unit kick all kinds of ass all through World War II. Because she kicked so much ass, she is renamed "The Boss" and gains a reputation as a living legend. She takes on a protege. METAL GEAR SOLID 3 - SNAKE EATER: The Boss' protege, codenamed "Naked Snake" is sent on a mission to Russia during the height of the Cold War. The Boss betrays him and steals a powerful new nuclear tank called the Shagohod. This is important because the Shagohod was designed as a competitive alternative for the world-shatteringly important weapon known as "Metal Gear." Naked Snake fights a Russian Soldier named Ocelot. Ocelot goes on to be an absurdly important character thirty years later. Naked Snake kills his way through the Boss' old unit, destroys the shit out of the Shagohod to stop it from being used to spark World War III, and then kills the Boss. Naked Snake then finds out that the Boss wasn't really a bad guy after all, she was just so idealistic and devoted to her duty that she was willing to give her life and die as a villain rather than betray her orders. Naked Snake is given the name of "Big Boss," basically just to prove that he was an even bigger badass than she was.
The rules didn't apply for that little cluster. It's better to call it the 'singularity'. Everything we know about physics breaks down in that little point. In fact, the word 'before' can't even be used here, because time didn't exist before the Big Bang. Time, as far as we are concerned, began at the Big Bang. So to answer your question - that singularity became matter and space itself. The Big Bang caused a very fast expansion of space. And today, space is still expanding. Quite fast. Often, that leads to another common question. What is the universe expanding into? I want to link to a few videos that explain this quite well from Khan Academy. They're absolutely free and very well explained. A good place to start is here: Big Bang Introduction and work your way across the videos (left column) to a bit of mind-bendiness: A universe smaller than the observable universe.Note that the part about time beginning at the Big Bang is conjecture. I see it often repeated on reddit as if it has already been established when it has not. It's just something Hawking thought up. In reality there are a few more models.
Title explains it all.When you move your eyes (called a saccade), your brain effectively ignores all input from your eyes during the few milliseconds that they're moving, to avoid uselessly-blurred vision. In short, you are blind to anything that happens during a saccade. "But wait!" you exclaim. "I don't have constant gaps in my vision, so I can't be blind during a saccade." Well, just like you have a blind spot that you can't normally see because your brain fills in the gaps, the brain is also "filling in the gaps" during a saccade. The way it does this is by taking the first thing that you see when your eyes stop moving long enough to stabilize the image, and sort of backdating it in your memory so that you think that you saw it earlier than you did. If you want a quick demonstration, look in a mirror and quickly glance between looking at your left and right eyes. You'll never once see your eyes move, because your brain is filtering it out. Next, try doing the same thing with the front-facing camera on a smart phone. The small delay in displaying the image on the screen means that you can see your eyes moving, and it's an eerie experience, since it's likely that you've never seen it before. So if, when you glance at a clock, you happen to catch it just as the second hand ticks over, your brain makes you think that it's been in that position for a couple of hundred milliseconds to cover up the fact that it's been throwing away all the visual data from your eyes for a few hundred milliseconds. The end result is the illusion that it takes more than a second to tick the next time.
Here I continue my efforts to try and break down the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, A.K.A. PPACA, A.K.A. ACA, A.K.A. "Obamacare". Here is my summation of the bill. Here is Part 1 of the Point-By-Point . As I said before, this is a huge undertaking. The current version of the bill is 974 pages long, and I'm going through it bit by bit. But it's going to take a while to do it. I'll keep adding to this until I'm finished, but given that I have a job and a social life, I can't say how long it'll take. Also, I'll try to address questions people have as best I can, but again, it might take me a while to get back to you. Please be patient. So, without further ado, here goes... (Note: I am NOT an expert! I'm just a guy. If I have made an error on any of this, please let me know!) (Note: For the sake of clarity and continuity, any references to page numbers will be referring to the PDF file, not the page number in the document) Page 198, Sec. 2001 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, so that starting in 2014, everyone up to 133% of the poverty line is covered by Medicaid. From what I can tell, looking at the Social Security Act, it looks like it's currently a mishmesh of various qualifications, one being that a person is under 100% of the poverty line. So this will make for a pretty huge number of people who Medicaid grows to encompass. This section also increases federal funding to support the increase. However, it should be mentioned that a recent court ruling, amongst other things, made it clear that individual states could opt not to do this. However, in Justice Roberts' opinion "Congress may offer the States grants and require the States to comply with accompanying conditions, but the States must have a genuine choice whether to accept the offer.", so in other words, States can't be forced to do this, but they can be given incentives to do this. Page 210, Sec. 2004 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, so that starting in 2014, Medicaid covers former foster children under the age of 26. Page 210, Sec. 2005 - Increases the amount of Medicare money given to US Territories like Puerto Rico. Page 211, Sec. 2006 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act. It looks like what it's doing is that starting in 2011, the amount of money the Federal Government chips in for medical care when there is a major disaster increases. Page 212, Sec. 2007 - Between 2014 and 2018, this cuts about $700,000,000 from a part of Medicaid called the Medicaid Improvement Fund, a yearly fund established to improve the management of Medicaid. Clearly, this was done to help fund this bill, which itself tries to improve Medicaid (along with everything else). Page 213, Sec. 2101 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, so that Between October 2005 and September 2009, the amount of money allocated to the Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP) increases, and this section says that states that want to get this increased funding need to make sure that the health insurance provided under CHIP meets the same standards as those in this bill. Page 216, Sec. 2102 - Alters two other bills, the Social Security Act, and the Children's Health Insurance Program Reauthorization Act of 2009 (CHIPRA). It looks like it's just coordinating everything so it all makes sense together. Page 217, Sec. 2201 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, by adding the following section. Page 217, Sec. 1943 - This calls for the creation of a website for people who use Medicaid and CHIP to sign up for and renew insurance plans using their state's insurance exchanges. Page 219, Sec. 2202 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act. From what I can tell, it looks like this allows a hospital to choose whether they want to be able to make a determination whether or not a patient is covered under Medicaid. I'm just guessing here, but I think that this is to streamline things and make it easier for hospitals to sign patients up for Medicaid if a patient looks like they might qualify for Medicaid. Page 220, Sec. 2301 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to allow Medicaid to cover "Freestanding Birth Centers", which look like they are essentially an establishment which is not a hospital, but which provides services to mothers giving birth. So... picture a maternity ward without the rest of the hospital, and that seems like the sort of thing they're describing. Page 221, Sec. 2302 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to say that if a child has been diagnosed with a terminal illness, and the parents have chosen to pay for hospice care, that paying for hospice care doesn't mean that they are giving up any other forms of care that Medicaid and CHIP might provide for their child as well. Page 222, Sec. 2303 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to provide those with a low income (an amount which is to be decided by each State) access to family planning medical services. From what I can tell, this means stuff like STD testing, contraceptives, etc. Okay, it looks like a lot of the stuff coming up pertains to long-term care - for people who are bedridden and need medical supervision, people who are in a nursing home or have an in-home caregiver, etc. Page 225, Sec. 2304 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to clarify the wording of one part. Page 225, Sec. 2401 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, so that beginning in October 2011, states may provide those with an income level under 150% of the poverty line (which, like I said in Part 1, is based on your age and how many people are in your household) care in a nursing home, in-home care, etc. It looks like this section is optional for States to follow, but those that choose to do it (and follow numerous standards set in place by this section) will benefit from an increase in Federal funding. Page 230, Sec. 2402 - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to create regulations for various types of state-provided long-term care (again, stuff like nursing homes and in-home care), allowing states to cater to those who could benefit from different kinds of long-term care while still working within pre-set standards. Page 233, Sec. 2403 - Alters another bill, the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005. Reading around on this, it looks like this has to do with states funding long-term care, and transitioning into and out of hospitals (as opposed to nursing homes and in-home care). The Deficit Reduction Act had a part to smooth this transition, and this section extends that part, as well as expanding the people it can cover (based on how long a person has been receiving long-term care). Page 234, Sec. 2404 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act. It's hard to parse through this one, since it bounces around to different sections of the Social Security Act, but the gist of it seems to deal with a part of the Social Security Act that happens when your spouse becomes institutionalized in some form of long-term care, and the state helps with your expenses during that time (because long-term medical care can be costly). This section seems to make it so that from 2014-2019, this help also includes medical coverage. Page 234, Sec. 2405 - Sets aside $50,000,000 (over a five-year period) to help pay for another bill, the Older Americans Act of 1965. Page 234, Sec. 2406 - This is basically the bill talking about how important a topic long-term care is, and saying in a general way that Congress should talk about it more and that more support should be made for community-level care (like nursing homes and in-home care) as opposed to only hospital care. Page 235, Sec. 2501 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to increase the size of the drug rebates poor people get through Medicaid, and also to specify that no rebates are to be for an amount higher than the average price of the drug. Page 238, Sec. 2502 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to allow Medicaid to cover more types of drugs, including Barbiturates, Benzodiazepines, and drugs that help people to quit smoking. Page 239, Sec. 2503 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act. It looks like this sets a way to determine what the limits are for how much Medicaid is supposed to reimburse people for pharmacy drugs. Page 242, Sec. 2551 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act. This one is cutting a lot of money from payments made to states called Disproportionate Share Hospital (DSH) Payments. These are payments that states then turn over to hospitals to help compensate them for treating emergency patients who don't have insurance. Clearly the idea is that since more patients will have insurance after the PPACA goes into full swing, hospitals won't need as much of these funds. From 2014-2020, $18.1 Billion will be cut from the amount given to states for this, and the Secretary of Health and Human Services is to decide how much each state gets cut based on what percentage of their population is insured, as well as a few other factors. Page 243, Sec. 2601 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act. I'm not entirely sure about this, because it's hard to find information on it, but it looks like it gives states the option to get 5-10-year waivers so they don't have to follow Federal regulations for Medicaid when it comes to "Demonstration Projects" (Look farther down to see some of these), which looks like they are ways to test out new alternate approaches to Medicaid. However, the Secretary of Health and Human Resources can pull the plug on these waivers if it looks like a Demonstration Project isn't working the way it is intended. Page 244, Sec. 2602 - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Resources to create the Federal Coordinated Health Care Office, which is in charge of managing the areas of overlap between Medicare and Medicaid, to make it more effective and efficient for people who qualify for both to get the services they're covered for, and make sure there's not any waste. Page 246, Sec. 2701 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to add the next section. Page 246, Sec. 1139B - On a yearly basis from 2011-2014, and then every three years after 2014, the Secretary of Health and Human Services is to write a report on recommended standards for adult care for Medicaid patients, much like a similar report that's already written for children. This section also calls for the establishment of the Medicaid Quality Measurement Program to develop and test better methods of adult care (again, like a similar program already in existence for children). $60 Million will be set aside every year from 2010-2014 to fund this program. Page 248, Sec. 2702 - From what I can tell, this part directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to look at individual state practices that withhold payment from hospitals for health conditions caused by the hospitals' own neglect and negligence, and adopt them as general Medicaid practices. Page 248, Sec. 2703 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, so that starting in 2011, states may choose to offer medical plans for those with chronic conditions that they're calling a "Health Home", which appears to be a phrase that doesn't mean what it seems to. A "Health Home" doesn't seem to be an actual "home" per se, but more like a team of specialists assigned to look after you and coordinate your care. Page 252, Sec. 2704 - From 2012-2016, the Secretary of Health and Human Resources will start up one of those "Demonstration Projects" I mentioned earlier to test the effectiveness of doing bundled programs in Medicaid. Page 254, Sec. 2705 - From 2010-2012,The Secretary of Health and Human Resources will start up another one of those "Demonstration Projects" to give participating States an option to try out a different Medicaid payment structure for hospitals, so instead of paying hospitals based on the quantity of service they give, it's based on the quality. Page 255, Sec. 2706 - From 2012-2016, The Secretary of Health and Human Resources will start up another one of those "Demonstration Projects". This one gives states the opportunity to allow hospitals to become "Pediatric Accountable Care Organization", which looks like it's a way to reward Pediatric hospitals who find ways of saving money without reducing the amount of care patients receive. Page 256, Sec. 2707 - The Secretary of Health and Human Resources will start up another "Demonstration Project". This one gives states the opportunity to allow private psychiatric hospitals to be covered under Medicaid. This section allocates $75 Million for this, and specifies that it will be a three-year project that will happen sometime between 2011 and 2015. Page 258, Sec. 2801 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to try to improve MACPAC, which looks like it handles Medicaid and CHIP payments. This section clarifies wording, emphasizes efficiency and preventive care, and adds in a bunch of directions to communicate more clearly and frequently with Congress and the states, as well as coordinating with MedPAC, which handles Medicare payments. It also allocates $9 Million for this in 2010, as well as reallocating $2 Million from Social Security for this (out of $12 Billion that year - so comparatively speaking not much). Page 263, Sec. 2901 - Goes into more detail on some rules regarding Native American Indians and the Indian Health Service. Page 263, Sec. 2902 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, so that a reimbursement to Native American Indian hospitals under Medicare Part B, previously due to expire in 2010, will continue on. Page 264, Sec. 2951 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to add the next section. Page 264, Sec. 511 - 6 months after the bill passes, all states must conduct a "statewide needs assessment" to identify communities with high levels of crime, poverty, etc., how good state programs are at providing at-home medical visits for children, and the effectiveness of substance abuse treatment programs. States are report this information to the Secretary of Health and Human Resources, as well as informing the Secretary of what they intend to do to improve the situation in their state. This section authorizes the Secretary to make grants to states for these improvements (with an emphasis on communities in particularly bad shape), and directs the Secretary to track the improvements made after 3-5 years. This section also directs the Secretary to coordinate these efforts with the Maternal and Child Health Bureau and the Administration for Children and Families. From 2010-2014, $1.5 Billion is set aside for this section. Page 274, Sec. 2952 - Directs the Director of the National Institute of Mental Health to conduct a study on postpartum depression, and alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to add the next section. Page 275, Sec. 512 - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to use grant money for projects to diagnose and treat postpartum depression. The Secretary is to track the progress of these projects and report to Congress on the results. $3 Million is set aside for this in 2010, and "sums as may be necessary" in 2011 and 2012. Page 277, Sec. 2953 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to add the next section. Page 277, Sec. 513 - From 2010-2014, the Secretary of Health and Human Resources will give each state funding (based on the size of that state's population between ages 10-19) for sex education programs (pushing both abstinence and contraception). $375 Million is to be set aside for this from 2010-2014, with some of that specifically set aside for youths who are homeless, have AIDS, live in areas with high youth birth rates, etc. Along with this, there are calls for studies to see how effective these programs are in reducing youth pregnancy rates. Page 282, Sec. 2954 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to reinstate funding for abstinence-only sex education programs from 2010-2014. Page 283, Sec. 2955 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, so that starting in 2010, children without a parent (or who don't want their parents to be in charge of their medical decisions) are given more information about the importance of designating a Power of Attorney when it looks like they may need one to make medical decisions for them. Page 285, Sec. 3001 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, so that starting in 2013, the Secretary of Health and Human Services will establish a "hospital value-based purchasing program" so that instead of reimbursing hospitals based on the number of patients they have treated, they are reimbursed based on their success with a measure of specific conditions (heart failure, pneumonia, acute myocardial infarction), surgeries, and stuff like negligence. These measures are to take into account stuff like age, sex, race, severity of illness, etc., as well as the hospitals' prior success with these conditions, how much they've improved, and how they compare to other hospitals. Page 296, Sec. 3002 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to extend a program called the Physician Quality Reporting System, which offers an increase in pay as an incentive to doctors to report to the Secretary of Health and Human Services about the quality measures taken in their hospital. This amount decreases in 2012, and ends in 2015. Starting in 2015, doctors who fail to make these reports will have their pay reduced, and in 2016 it will be reduced even further. Page 298, Sec. 3003 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services, starting in 2012, to use claims data (and possibly other data) to give doctors information about resources and methods available to them to improve care for their patients. Page 301, Sec. 3004 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to make it so that starting in 2014, long-term care hospitals that fail to report to the Secretary of Health and Human Services about the quality measures taken in their hospital will receive reduced funding. Page 304, Sec. 3005 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to direct "PPS-Exempt Cancer Hospitals", beginning in 2014, to report to the Secretary of Health and Human Services about the quality measures taken in their hospital. Page 305, Sec. 3006 - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to develop a "value-based purchasing plan" in Medicare for "skilled nursing facilities", "home health agencies" and "ambulatory surgical centers", to make the pay they get under Medicare to be based on the quality of care they give based on criteria to be determined by the Secretary. These plans were to be presented to Congress throughout 2011. Page 307, Sec. 3007 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to come up with a "value-based payment modifier" to begin in 2013, which will pay doctors based on the quality and cost-effectiveness of their care (based on measures to be set by the Secretary). Page 310, Sec. 3008 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, so that starting in 2015, hospitals get less money when they treat patients for problems caused by their own negligence. This section also directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to conduct a study in 2012 to see how this change will affect quality of care and costs. Page 312, Sec. 3011 - Alters another bill, the Public Health Service Act, to add the next section. Page 312, Sec. 399HH - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Resources to create a report in 2011 on a strategy to improve the delivery of health care services that will be presented to Congress. This strategy will be updated at least once a year, with annual updates submitted to Congress. Page 314, Sec. 3012 - Directs the President to put together an "Interagency Working Group on Health Care Quality", comprised of senior representatives from numerous agencies and departments (everything from the Department of Health and Human Services to the US Coast Guard), with the purpose of coordinating efforts between departments as they pertain to the strategy outlined in the last section. This group is to present a yearly report to Congress on their progress and recommendations. Page 315, Sec. 3013 - Alters another bill, the Public Health Service Act, to reorganize a part of that bill to make room for the following section, which is to be added. Page 316, Sec. 931 - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Resources to consult with the Director of the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality and the Administrator of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services at least three times a year to look for any gaps in their quality measures. The Secretary will award grants to expand these quality measures as needed. This section also alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to have the Administrator of the Center for Medicare & Medicaid Services develop quality measures for those programs. From 2010-2014, $375 Million will be set aside for this section. Page 319, Sec. 3014 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act. The part of the Social Security Act it refers to creates a privately-owned non-profit group comprised of both health insurance representatives, as well as representatives of consumer advocacy groups, whose job it is to recommend ways to improve the quality and efficiency of health-care. What this section looks like it does is direct this group to recommend specific measures, and direct the Secretary of Health and Human Resources to keep track of how well these measures do. Page 323, Sec. 3015 - Alters another bill, the Public Health Service Act, to add the next section. Page 323, Sec. 399II - The language is a bit confusing, but it looks like this section directs the Secretary of Health and Human Resources to create more efficient ways to collect data on the cost and effectiveness of health care, and directs the Secretary to give grants and contracts to organizations and individuals that will assist in this task. Page 324, Sec. 399JJ - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Resources to create a website to report to the public on how successful the measures taken to ensure quality of care have been. This report will be provider-specific, so it looks like this will actually be a way to compare how effective different health care providers are. Page 325, Sec. 3021 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to add the next section. Page 325, Sec. 115A - Starting on January 1, 2011, this section creates something called the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation (CMI), meant to test new ways to make Medicare services and payments easier and more efficient, while keeping or improving the quality of care for patients. They have a website, which you can see here. There are 20 methods to be tested that are outlined in the ACA, but the Secretary may direct the CMI to test others that look like they have a good chance of improving Medicare and Medicaid. $10,005,000,000 will be set aside for this program from 2010-2019. Starting in 2012, the Secretary of Health and Human Resources is to submit a yearly report to Congress on the CMI. A few other minor language changes are made to the Social Security Act as well, mostly to accommodate the addition of the CMI. Page 332, Sec. 3022 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to add the next section. Page 332, Sec. 1899 - By January 1, 2012, the Secretary of health and Human Services is to establish the Medicare Shared Savings Program. This program allows for the creation of Accountable Care Organizations (ACOs), organizations comprised of a group of health care providers (hospitals, doctors, etc.). These organizations may then receive payments for lowering costs while maintaining standards of care for Medicare patients. The Secretary of Health and Human Services is to determine what these standards are, and how they are to be measured and reported. Basically, if a hospital or other qualified group of caregivers can find ways to reduce Medicare costs without sacrificing quality of care, they'll be rewarded for doing so (and undoubtedly successful methods can then be extended to other areas of Medicare). Page 337, Sec. 3023 - By January 1, 2013, the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish a "pilot program" to test to see if hospitals and doctors bundling payments (like how your cable and internet bill might be bundled) can help to lower costs without lowering the quality of care for patients. By January 1, 2015, the Secretary is to report to Congress on the progress of this program. By January 1, 2016, the Secretary is to report to Congress on the results of this program. Page 343, Sec. 3024 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to add the next section. Page 343, Sec. 1866E - Starting January 1, 2012, the Secretary of Health and Human Services to create a "demonstration program" to test payment incentives for doctors, nurses, etc. that provide on-call 24/7 in-home care. Basically, it looks like the thinking is that maybe if people with chronic conditions can get check-ups at home, they'll be less likely to need to go back to the hospital repeatedly for the same problem, less likely to make a trip to the emergency room, and more likely to get better-quality care. The Secretary of Health and Human Services is to develop standards for the care given to patients, and doctors who can reduce the costs of care for their patients while still meeting these standards will get incentive payments. $30,000,000 is set aside for this program from 2010-2015, and the Secretary is to report to Congress on its progress. The next few sections focus on reducing readmissions, where a patient keeps coming back for the same problem. Apparently, this is a big drain on Medicare. "One in five patients discharged from a hospital - approximately 2.6 million seniors - is readmitted within 30 days, at a cost of over $26 billion every year" ( Source: The Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation ). Page 347, Sec. 3025 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, so that starting in 2012, the payments made under Medicare to hospitals will be slightly reduced in cases of excessive readmission. This is apparently to encourage hospitals to fix the problem a patient comes in with in the first place. This section also adds the following section to another bill, the Public Health Service Act. Page 352, Sec. 399KK - Within two years of the enactment of this section (So... March, 2012, I think), the Secretary of Health and Human Services will make a program for hospitals with a high amount of readmissions to improve their readmission rates. So, while the previous section penalizes them for having too many readmissions, this one helps them to get their readmissions to acceptable levels. Hospitals that do this will report to the Secretary on the changes they make and how effective they are. Page 352, Sec. 3026 - From January 1, 2011, to January 1, 2016, the Secretary of Health and Human Resources will create a program to try and improve the care for patients being transitioned from one location (like a hospital) to another (such as the at-home care or Community-Based Organizations, for the purpose of reducing readmissions. Page 354, Sec. 3027 - Alters another bill, the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005, to extend a demonstration project in that bill to last roughly another year, and setting aside an additional $1,600,000 for this. This demonstration project had to do with gainsharing. From what I can tell, it looks like the idea is to give doctors and hospital staff incentive to reduce costs (without reducing the quality of care) by giving them a portion of that savings. Page 355, Sec. 3101 - This section was repealed. I'm not sure what it was before, but it's nothing more than a placeholder now. Page 355, Sec. 3102 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to renew one part that sets a bottom limit for the Work Geographic Index (used for determining Medicare costs), as well as adding what looks like some additional criteria for determining those costs. Page 357, Sec. 3103 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to renew one part that allows people to be exempted from some of the costs due to physical therapy expenses. Page 357, Sec. 3104 - Alters another bill, the Medicare, Medicaid, and SCHIP Benefits Improvement and Protection Act of 2000. It's really hard to read through this, but as best I can tell, this just extends Medicare payments for laboratory services for an additional year (2010). Page 357, Sec. 3105 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act. This one's also a bit difficult to read, but from what I can tell, it's just renewing funding for ambulance services for Medicare patients through 2011. Page 357, Sec. 3106 - Alters another bill, the Medicare, Medicaid, and SCHIP Extension Act of 2007. Another one that's difficult to read, but from what I can tell, it's just renewing funding for long-term care hospitals for Medicare patients for another two years. Page 357, Sec. 3107 - Alters another bill, the Medicare Improvements for Patients and Providers Act of 2008, extending funding for mental health treatments for Medicare patients an additional year (until 2010). Page 358, Sec. 3108 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, so that starting on January 1, 2011, Physician Assistants are added to the list of professionals (line nurses and doctors) allowed to order "post-hospital extended care services", services that a patient can be given after a 3+ day stay at a hospital. In other words, it's just giving physician assistants more freedom to sign you up for services you need after a long hospital stay. Page 358, Sec. 3109 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act. It looks like this is just clarifying when pharmacies have to send accreditation information regarding their quality standards to the Secretary of Health and Human Services, as well as indicating exemptions for certain types of pharmacies. Page 359, Sec. 3110 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act. It looks like the gist of it is that some beneficiaries of Tricare (civilian health benefits for veterans) will have an additional year to enroll in Medicare Part B, if they choose to do so. Page 360, Sec. 3111 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to reduce the amount paid to hospitals for X-Ray bone density scans in 2010 and 2011, as well as directing the Secretary of Health and Human Resources to work with the Institute of Medicine of the National Academies to conduct a report on the effect that this has. Page 361, Sec. 3112 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to cut all the funds going to the Medicare Improvement Fund in 2014. Specifically, this is cutting $22,290,000,000. Most likely this cut is because the PPACA does many of the same things the Medicare Improvement Fund is intended to, so this payment would be redundant. Page 361, Sec. 3113 - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to conduct a two-year demonstration project, starting July 1, 2011, where complex lab tests are paid using separate payments. No later than two years after the demonstration project is completed (so by July 1, 2015), the Secretary is to report to Congress on how this affected expenses and quality of care. $5,000,000 is set aside for this section from the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services Program Management Account, and the actual payments themselves are to get funds from the Federal Supplemental Medical Insurance Trust Fund. (Aaaaaand I've hit the character limit again! On to Part 3!)Jesus, you're going through the entire thing? Thank you for your hard work, this is very good!Jesus, you're going through the entire thing? That's more than our Congressmen attempted.there should be a sub-subreddit for ELI5: U.S. gov'tYou're a goddamn hero and I love you.CaspianX2 For Congress 2012!!! Thanks for doing what my representative should be doing.
Or further, how does a sailboat go east if the wind is blowing west?Triangular sails are held at an angle to the wind. So if the wind is moving west, it might push the boat southwest. Good sails can make the boat go even faster than the wind at a right angle to the wind. So if the wind is blowing 20mph to the west, the boat might go 30mph due south. Think about stepping on an ice cube. It will squirt out to the side faster than the speed your foot was pushing down on it. You might say a boat traveling at a right angle to the wind is "squirting" out from in front of it. Really good sails and hull combinations can harness wind blowing at a small angle. So if the wind is blowing west, the boat travels southeast. A boat can never travel straight into the wind, but always has to at least sort of be traveling across it. So, to go east into a wind traveling west, first you go southeast, then northeast. You're always traveling across the wind. Switching back and forth like this is called "tacking".Hence the expression "take a different tack" when approaching a problem from a new angle. Sometimes you'll see that misspelled or misstated as "take a different tact."
Mandate upheld, mandate struck down. Either way I don't know what it means for the American people.There were 4 questions before the court: Can the court hear these arguments before anyone is actually penalized for not having health insurance? Is the Individual Mandate to buy health insurance constitutional? If not, is the rest of the law constitutional without the mandate? Unrelated, can government require states expand medicare since the government is giving them money. The decisions were as follows: Yes, they can talk about it. This was unsurprising The Individual Mandate is really a tax, not a fine. This is an important distinction because everyone agrees Congress can tax people but few people thought Congress could force people to buy stuff. This was the big question. Moot point due to 2. The court decided that if states take federal money they have to go with the federal rules, but states don't have to take the federal money and can then ignore the rules that come with the money. This was not terribly surprising.
This subreddit is rising as a scary rate. I subscribed about 20 minutes ago and it said 1,000 readers - now it's at around 2,500 4,000 nearly 20,000 readers. Checking the new queue, I'm seeing a disappointing number of submissions that are getting completely lost/ignored and also a bunch of submissions that are stupid attempts at the poster being funny. I'm just going to say three things: CHECK THE NEW QUEUE. USE YOUR VOTES. KEEP YOUR SUBMISSIONS SERIOUS. I know the last one sounds like I'm being a dick/boring/too serious but I see a lot of potential in this subreddit and I'd rather miss out on a few short-lived laughs from (p/f)unny titles to avoid compromising this subreddit. Thanks that is all. Edit: Two things? Three, I meant. Edit 2: As an addition, two more points: USE THE SEARCH FUNCTION. So far, there's been 3 posts on stocks, 2 on the internet, 2 on ISPs (I posted the first 2 hours ago and got 4 upvotes, the second one is from 30 minutes ago and has 14 upvotes sigh), 2 on money laundering and I'm sure plenty more. It takes like 5 seconds to enter a keyword and search. ** DON'T POST QUESTIONS THAT HAVE SINGLE, DEFINITIVE ANSWERS.** Please take it to /r/answers. No submissions like, "Can someone explain to me the density of hydrogen?" when you actually are asking, "What is the density of hydrogen?" for example. Thanks.It doesn't sound like you're being a dick.No, that's HisUsernameOnReddit.what's a dick? Explain it to me like I'm five.Do you do this for all accounts like "myusernameonyoutube"?I'm seeing an annoying amount of posts that could be easily answered by Google, I think the point in this subreddit is because a lot of confusing issues aren't explained simply elsewhere, but things like "what is HDMI" would be answered simply with a quick search.Exactly. There's a lot of posts that are asking a specific question with a definitive specific answer, as opposed to asking for an explanation on a broad subject.
Why are some words frowned upon by society? Did somebody just decide one day to declare that a word should not be said?Although this doesn't apply to all "bad" words, one origin of commonly used swear words was the class/ethnic split between the lower class German speaking Saxons and upper class French/Latin speaking Normans of late Medieval England. Common words that were used by the lower classes were German, whereas fancier, more academic terms were based more on a mix of French and Latin. An example of this split is the word for poop. "Shit" is German in origin, whereas "defecation" is derived from Latin. edit: German and Germanic are interchangeable terms used by linguists and classicists to define the pre-Latin non-Celtic culture and language of ancient Europe. It has little to do with the modern day German language beyond being its direct ancestor.This is interesting! Can you provide more examples please?This is why I am insulted when someone says you are being "vulgar". The word from Latin means "common". So people are telling you that you are speaking common language.
Air Force: Handles most of the aircraft operated by the US military, ranging from transport and support aircraft to fighters and bombers. In modern combat zones, the Air Force mostly handles logistics and surveillance (including AWACS and recon drones), cargo lifting (C-130s and C-17s), and close support attack missions (A-10 warthogs, B-52s, B-2s). The Air Force also operates a lot of the US military's space-based hardware, primarily recon and GPS satellites. Navy: Handles pretty much anything involving water. The obvious is things like aircraft carriers, cruisers, PT boats, and submarines. Less obvious, the Navy also maintains a large fleet of aircraft. The US Navy, if treated as a country, would have the second largest air force in the world, after the US Air Force. These aircraft cover everything from cargo/support choppers to F/A-18 Hornet fighter jets. US Nuclear Forces: The Air Force and Navy operate the majority of the US military's nuclear arsenal, ranging from ICBMs and sub-launched missiles to bomber dropped weapons. With that in mind, it's important to note that each of those respective branches alone have the capability of hitting every major city on Earth with a population greater than 500,000 with a nuclear weapon.
I've always wondered how they get water up massive skyscrapers like in new york or in india, please help! Edit: Thanks for all the answers and videos! I appreciate having my question answered by a great community! and made my Front page! Thanks again!!!with pumps! the pressure that is supplied by the water main available in most cities is usually only adequate to get water up around 6-8 stories. any building higher than that needs to supplement the water pressure in its system with pumps.So these pumps just generate massive amounts of pressure and shoot it up into the building? How do they then split off water supplies to different floors without loosing water pressure to the higher floors?Some of the larger buildings have holding tanks every so often on the way up. So the pumps only have to deliver to the next highest tank. The amount of head pressure to go all the way to the top of a skyscraper would be inefficient, and very dangerous.And these pumps are located on what are called mechanical floors, e.g. every 6-8 stories of a building is a floor that only the mechanics have access to.
Movie here: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0431021/When you have something like a movie that is based on a true story, that doesn't give you any actual information about what the true story was. The true story could've simply been that the writer had a son. They then embellished from there and added a moth demon.Case in point: The Strangers. Based on the true story of how, when the main screenwriter was a child, somebody came to their door and asked if [name] was there. They didn't know anybody called [name], and the person went away. The next morning, one of the houses on their street had been broken into. They embellished that one a bit.a) It could be VERY loosely based, but still be 'based on'. This is a marketing gimmick. b) It's based on one specific version of the story. See "The Exorcism of Emily Rose". She has a condition where her body locks up in very odd, somewhat terrifying poses. The doctors say it's one thing, the priest says it's the other. Which one do you think makes for a better horror movie?
What makes them "pop" more than regular colors? And why can't I imagine a neon brown?Sometimes instead of being called neon colors they are called "fluorescent" colors. What makes them fluorescent is that they absorb light you normally can't see (UV light) and then release that energy as visible light. The result is that if you shine light that has UV in it (like sunlight or a blacklight) instead of just reflecting light like normal colors do, they actually glow as if they were a weak light bulb. The end result is that there is actually more light of those colors hitting your eyes so they seem brighter. As for why you can't think of "dark" neon colors, it's because what makes them distinct is that they add more light, while darkness is actually the absence of light.So how are neon colors made? Like I know mixing red and blue gets you purple, but how would I mix colors to create a neon color. Or is that even possible? (Is this a dumb question?)TIL why you don't get neon colors on a computer screen. I'd never really wondered why, but now I get it.
I'm assuming that most people in a given race have roughly similar cars... At least in the large professional races. What is it about the "stars" of racing that makes them win more often than other drivers? What sorts of "strategies" do they use to win more often?Top tier race driver needs to have great mix of skills that include driving skill - being smooth with the car, knowing the limits, being able to feel the car, to sense the optimum line, react instantly to the unexpected. The smoothness is the reason why fast drivers look like they are driving slowly, but it is needed to maximize traction, thus speed. Balance of aggressiveness and cool headedness. The driver needs to be aggressive enough to eg. commit for overtaking manoeuvres, resist other drivers' pressure, but at the same time, "to finish first, first you need to finish". technical competence. They say that the edge Michael Schumacher had over his competitors in his golden days was that he understood the car well and could help with proper set-up. For not the jet-setter levels of drivers it is even more important, they often need to help with the car themselves (4. Sponsors and networking. To break into the top level of drivers (ie. F1, GT2 etc.) you need to have serious money behind you. physical fitness and low weight. Lot of the events are physically demanding, require several hours of exercise and concentration. In some of the disciplines the driver's weight is substantial part of the total vehicle weight. having 10kg less can mean 10ths of a second on a lap)
We can't be carting more oxygen up there all the time, can we?There are several different ways the ISS gets oxygen! As you may know, water is made up of the elements Hydrogen and Oxygen. Those elements come packaged together in little bundles called "molecules." The ISS has a machine that can separate those little bundles into the two different elements. This lets them pull out the useful oxygen so that they can keep breathing! The machine that does this on the ISS is called the Elektron, and uses a cool process called electrolysis. There's another machine that is sometimes used on the ISS. This one is called the Vika, although it's sometimes called the "candle." The Vika works by burning a special kind of salt. This salt is called "lithium perchlorate." When the salt is burned, it produces mostly oxygen, and one liter of the salt can give one person oxygen for an entire day! This device is riskier than the Elektron, but it's been made much more safe in recent years. Of course, sometimes the machines like Vika and Elektron need repairs and don't work properly, so big oxygen canisters are sent up to the station. This isn't ideal, of course, but sometimes it has to happen. If you want to try out electrolysis for yourself, check out this experiment: Obviously, be careful when working with electricity and water!
There seems to be a lot going on between these groups and a lot of violence and hate towards each other. Why is this happening? Can this be viewed like the Eastern Orthodox and Roman Catholic Church?To put it simply, one group believes direct descendants of muhammad are the most holy and should be the Islamic Leaders. The other group thinks the man "closest" to god should be leader, this caused a big dispute about 1500 years ago.which one is which?Fantastic! Thanks, I was looking for a TL;DR.The closest to explaining like I am 5 yet.Orthodox vs Roman Catholic is kind of a workable example to a point, but it misses the huge political factor. To delve into it a bit more, you need to know why they're different. Islam follows on from Judaism and Christianity with a fellow named Muhammad, who around 600AD, proclaimed that he was receiving revelations from God and that he was the next great prophet (Christ being the last one). He gathered followers, eventually raised an army, and conquered the crap out of the Middle East, giving conquered people options between converting to this new religion of Islam, paying tax, or dying (some debate on this in posts below). Then he chilled out for a bit and eventually died.
Do they just test the food directly, or do they test your blood afterwards to see how much you've changed from a baseline? How about vitamin pills-- do they ever do a blood test to determine how much of the vitamins gets absorbed?Ok, so first we'll address proteins, carbs, and fats. Fats, which are like butter, oil, or the white stuff around a steak, can't combine with water. So, we weigh how much the food weighs at first, then we use a solution called "ether," which is kind of like scientist's dawn, to wash away the fat from the food. Then we weigh the food again & figure out how much is left. Then we subtract how much is left to how much we started with & that gives us how much fat is in the food. Carbs & proteins are trickier since they are both water soluble. For proteins, we can't directly measure proteins like we can for fat & instead measure a substance called nitrogen, which is another pure element like oxygen & carbon. We measure nitrogen because all proteins contain nitrogen. Now, to find the amount of nitrogen in a food, we mix the food with sulfuric acid, which is like the acid that we see on cartoons that eats almost everything it touches. This sulfuric acid will make ammonia, which is that smell made by cleaning products. We then measure the amount of ammonia made & that tells as how much nitrogen and, therefore, protein is in the food. Carbs are fun to measure because we essentially put the food sample into a small washing machine & add different detergents to figure out how many carbs are in the food. Like when finding fat, we measure how much food we started with, then how much food we ended with, subject one from the other & find out how much of the food was carbs. (DO NOT PUT FOOD IN THE WASHING MACHINE!)
I get that the number of cones in your eyes determines how many colours your brain can process. Like dogs don't register the colour red. But humans don't see the entire colour spectrum. Animals like the peacock panties shrimp prove that, since they see (I think) 12 primary colours. So even though we can't see all these other colours, why can't we, as humans, just imagine them? Edit: to the person that posted a link to radiolab, thank you. Not because you answered the question, but because you have introduced me to something that has made my life a lot better. I just downloaded about a dozen of the podcasts and am off to listen to them now.I've deleted all of my reddit posts. Despite using an anonymous handle, many users post information that tells quite a lot about them, and can potentially be tracked back to them. I don't want my post history used against me. You can see how much your profile says about you on the website snoopsnoo.com.You made me understand some science today Thank you:)There is no red, only 645 nanometers traveling at C. Your BRAIN invented "red". It doesn't exist. So by this are you saying that a color that looks maybe blue to me could look purple to somebody else? Not quite like the grasshopper seeing violet when I see red, but something to a lesser extreme?That was a great ELI5 explanation!
Video compression works by throwing things out. The trick is to only throw out the bits that you won't miss. There are lots and lots of settings that determine what gets thrown out and when. If you use transcoding software like handbrake with the default settings, the converted video will look good, but it won't be all that small. You can start playing around with these settings, but unless you know what you're doing, the video may come out even bigger or it might look bad. It takes practice and effort to know what to change for what types of movies. To get really small (under 1.5GB) 720p rips that actually look good, you need to adjust these settings not just for the whole film, but from scene to scene. This requires a lot of work, and getting it right is almost an art. But no matter how good someone is at it, the h.264 codec is still not perfect and you're still throwing things out to make the video small. Some people are more sensitive to the distortions caused by this extra compression. You may not notice the difference (or at least not enough to ruin the experience), but others might. So between the effort involved and some people still not liking these super-compressed rips, they're not very common. But there is hope. The Motion Picture Experts Group (MPEG) has recently finalized the specifications for a new, better compression scheme called h.265. It is said to be twice as efficient as the current popular codec, so in the future, visually-identical 720p videos can really be half the size they are now without all the effort that is currently required.
My cat always greets me at the door when I come home. She stretches out on her back and shows her belly, but DON'T YOU DARE TOUCH IT! It always seems to be an elaborate ruse in order to assault the bare flesh of my hand. It's not just my cat, it's almost every cat I've come into contact with. My friends have had similar experiences. Reddit, ELI5: Why do cats show their bellies in a show of trust, then mercilessly attack you when you try to pet them?From what I understand, it has to do w/ over-stimulation. The cat is showing you its belly and likes for it to be rubbed but one rub too many and it excites it to a point where it attacks. We just don't know the belly rub limit.I think you're confusing cats with penises. Edit: great, my highest rated reddit comment is about cats and penises. Well, at least that makes me reddit-worthy, I guess.I remember hearing something about how wild cats don't like having their stomachs touched because it's putting them in a very vulnerable position. I have a cat who I tried not to overhandle as a kitten because at the time I was told it wasn't a good thing for them, she's a great cat and loves people but she still hates having her stomach touched. She rolls over and shows me her stomach only when she wants me to play or stroke her head. If I want her to get off something I stroke her belly and she runs away.
This may seem a silly question, but I'm genuinely curious. It seems as though they would make more money by selling breakfast items at any time of day. Say I want some hash browns at 2pm or hotcakes for lunch. It's not difficult or time consuming for them prepare such simple items, and I'd be another customer they've gained and profited from. So what do they stand to gain by limiting such items to only be purchased in the morning? I ask here because I'm guessing that there may be some type of consumer psychology or something like that that's not immediately obvious rather than just to make it easier for the staff, or because breakfast foods are typically eaten in the morning. Edit: Thank you for the answers! I appreciate the detail. Slightly disappointed that there's not some brilliant business plan behind it all though :(From someone who worked at McDonald's, I can say it's food safety issues and efficiency. Eggs are cooked at a lower temperature than the beef and chicken on the grills, and there is only so much grill space. If they were to do that, everything would take slightly longer and slow things down. That and food safety issues with cooking stuffThis is correct. First question: Why not just add more grills? Well, that's tricky. First, you have to buy a grill. Not sure, but I think they run around 20k. Then you have to put it somewhere. Oh, right, your store probably isn't 30 years old so you probably don't have space for another grill (most McD's post 1990 aren't built with an abundance of space, almost to our chagrin). Just remodel, for the low cost of a minimal of 100k, assuming you have property to expand onto. So, at minimum, you have to assume that a breakfast all day option will add $120k over the next 5 years, just to break even on material cost. Second question: Okay, fine, just set one grill for eggs, and one grill for meats?
I'm also a bit confused about when I download certain programs if I should get the 64 or 86 version, wouldn't 86 be more "power", or are these 2 completely different things? EDIT: Woo, front page! Thanks for the knowledge!Using "x86" to denote 32-bit programs is an old homage to the Intel 8086 processor, but it is a bit of a confusing name to non-savvy users. Processors can execute programs by either processing 32 bits at a time, or 64 bits at a time. If you have 64bit Windows, your computer can process both 32 and 64 bits at a time, so when you have a choice you could download either the 64 or 32, but 64 would be recommended. x86 isn't more powerful than x64 because an x86 processor can only handle 32bits of information at a time (the number is confusing). Now in general, a 64bit computer can be more powerful than a 32bit computer, this is due to the amount of RAM a 64bit computer can support (random access memory, its where your computer puts stuff while it's working on it, sorta like how you pull files out of your filing cabinet and work on them on your desk). Program Files (x86) is where Windows stores all the information for the 32bit programs it has installed, to answer your title question.It's worth noting that x64 isn't actually a thing, it is a shortcut for x86_64.
Growing up in an apartment I was able to pick out who came through the hallway and went into their apartment just by the way the hallway smelled after they walked through, (There was only 3 other families in that hall) and I always wondered what it was that gave different people their unique scents.Imagine all the different things that create smells: cleaning supplies, body odors, pets, food, mold, plants, even materials used to build the house. Every family has a different combination.But what about non-environmental stuff? Animals recognize each others distinct smell, and those aren't caused by soap or detergent. What creates that unique smell? Genetics? Bacteria?One factor that I haven't seen anyone mention that I've noticed a lot is whether or not you have a wood burning fireplace in your home. It adds a definite aroma to a household.My best friend since I was 12 had a really distinct smell in his house. Not necessarily bad (it was a super nice, huge house that was always spotless) - just distinct. Now we're in our 30s, we both live on the other side of the country. He lives in a messy old studio apartment by himself.
Scars are not made up of cells, rather they are collagen plaques that replace missing cells (acting like cement). So when cells are replaced the scars don't just disappear. There are some processes that cause the scar to shrink by pulling the edges of the scar closer and closer (cicatrisation). There are also little machines called enzymes that can chew down the scar slowly but not always completely. EDIT: Often in young children, scars heal faster and even disappear because their repair systems are more efficient than in older people. There are also other factors involved as well, for example, skin fold lines called Langer's lines (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Langer%27s_lines) show the natural direction and folds of skin. What surgeons found was that if you cut skin in the same direction as skin naturally occurs, scarring is minimal; whereas if you cut skin against the grain, the scarring is much larger. This is very important in modern surgery because patients don't like huge scars when they have surgery. Tattoo ink is taken up by white blood cells that ingest them. These cells are called macrophages, they essentially engulf and 'eat' the ink, but are unable to break down the ink. Because they cannot digest the ink, these cells remain coloured by the ink that they consumed. As with all cells, these macrophages do eventually die, but when they do, the ink is ejected and taken up by new macrophages which continue the cycle over and over again (because the ink is not fully broken down).
This is the Commission on Presidential Debates. They've host the debates since 1988. It is a non-profit funded by the two major parties. In 2000, in order to prevent a similar Perot effect or Nader probably in that year, they made a rule that any candidate to be included must be polling at 15% nationally. This is probably because the two parties do not want to give up the spotlight and therefore power. Before that, the League of Women Voters, which is actually mostly a good governance/good campaign group than a women's advocacy group, hosted the debates. George H.W. Bush and Michael Dukakis's campaigns in 1988 conspired to rig the format of the debate and the LWV disowned the presidential debates. They still are probably the organization hosting your local debates. I recommend looking over the "criticism" section of the Wikipedia article on the CPD. There are some starting points for learning about the alternatives and the lawsuits against the CPD. I know in the past, C-SPAN has hosted a third-party debate. edited to fix wikipedia linkThis is really good information, and I hope your post gets bumped up to the top.
This is a long answer, which I think might be a little more satisfying than the others here to anyone who's interested in this question. I'm not a physicist, so take all this with a cup or two of of salt; but I'm not really satisfied with the answers so far, so I'll give my own try. The answers so far seem to get at some of the important points to your question, but don't tie things together in a very understandable way I think. So here goes. The first thing is to get some basic conceptual vocabulary down. The most important concept you'll need is the concept of a space-time manifold. Prior to Einstein, the world was used to thinking of space as this fixed three-dimensional grid that we move through. Think of a gigantic box that contains the whole universe. And we thought of time as a linear track that we were on, moving forward into the future, away from the past. So imagine this big box that contains the universe (space) now being set on a set of train tracks, and moving forward in a straight line, at a constant speed. On this picture, you can move around in space all you want, but it's just a bare fact about the universe that it's all moving forward in time at the same rate. Why you can't go back in time is sort of an unanswerable question. It's just a basic fact about the universe that everything's moving forward through time at a constant rate. You can't change that any more than you can change that matter takes up space, protons have positive charge, etc. And there's no more explanation for that fact than "well, that's just the way things are."
Self explanatory.There are some good answers here already, but here's another answer in case you're wondering about actual food sickness rather than pooping out food that just doesn't digest well. Really fast food poisoning happens when you eat food that had bacteria growing on it for a while that produced toxins. The bacteria itself isn't making you sick, it's the toxins that were already made and sitting in the food. So when you eat the food with pre-made toxins, you develop diarrhea very quickly (it can even be less than an hour). The classic bacteria that does this is Staph Aureus, which likes things with mayonnaise and cream. So next time you're at a picnic and everyone gets sick right after, you can blame it on the potato salad and the Staph living in it. This is different than food poisoning by something like Campylobacter jejuni. The bacteria have to get in by eating contaminated food, then they have to grow for awhile and produce toxins. It takes time for there to be enough bacteria to make enough toxins to cause you to get sick, so it may be up to 10 days later before you get diarrhea. I'm a med student studying for boards right now, so this was actually a fun exercise. Hope it's helpful!
So you have 3 types of memory: sensory, short-term, and long-term. Most people are familiar with short-term (10-15 seconds, 5-9 items) and long-term (indefinite time, indefinite capacity) memory, but what you're experiencing is only sensory memory. Information comes in through your sensory organs (eyes, ears, etc.) and is held in your sensory register, which is pretty much a temporary storage bin. If you pay attention to the information, it goes into short-term memory and (potentially) long-term memory, but if you don't pay attention to it, it gets dumped. The purpose of sensory memory is to hold little pieces of information long enough for you to receive the rest of it. You use sensory memory to remember the beginning of a word while you read or hear the rest of it. It's more efficient for your brain to store whole words than individual letters, so you don't save it until you have the whole thing. So if you pay attention to information coming in, it can survive longer, but there's a lot of information that comes in through your senses that you don't pay attention to. Do you remember hearing that bird chirp outside? You heard it, but you didn't pay attention to it, so it made it to sensory memory and got dumped. What about when you look at your watch to see what time it is then have to look again 5 seconds later when someone asks you what time it is? You may have processed it enough to know that it's not time for you to leave, but you don't actually remember what time it is. When you're trying really hard to pay attention in class, but it feels like the words are going in one ear and out the other or when you read the same sentence over and over again but don't actually comprehend any of it? Sensory memory.
EDIT: The five-year old gets it so that means you've done your job, thanks for explaining everyone!The first comment is rather simplistic. A man got shot by the police during an operation to reduce gun crime in the city under still unclear circumstances. Though police started an investigation the local people went out to protest in the streets. At first this was a peaceful protest with some police presence. It was only when a rumour spread that a teenage girl was hit/pushed/knocked down by a police man that the protest turned violent. From that point on the shit hit the fan, since Sunday riots spread to other (mostly low income) neighbourhoods of London and even, reportedly, other cities (Birmingham). As numerous other cases of such sudden social unrest the violence is likely driven by a much broader and deeper problems - unemployment, poverty, boredom, etc. The protesters are overwhelmingly young, with the majority being black but other ethnicities were also taking part. As it stands, there is a large police presence, lots of burnt out cars, smashed and looted shops and houses, and general disarray. Considering UK's financial situation, as well as the turmoil in the markets, this is not good for anyone, especially for the lower class people doing the rioting.
All major colleges being certified to the same standard, do not accept each other's classes. Some classes that do transfer only transfer to "minor" programs and must be take again. My current community college even offers some completely unaccredited degrees, yet its the "highest rated" and, undoubtedly, the biggest in the state. It seems as though it's all a major money mad dash with no concern for the people they are providing a service for. Why is it this way? What caused this change?Someone else said this but I don't think it's been given enough attention: They are not certified to the same standard. Accreditation doesn't cover what many people think it does. At the institution level, accreditation is usually about resources and policies. Are there enough faculty? Is there enough money to support the enterprise? Is the library big enough to support student work? Does the college try to improve itself using good assessment methods? That's what institution-level accreditation is about. They don't go to the level of the course and say "Does biology 103 cover x amount of material with y amount of rigor?" Now, discipline- or field-level accreditation looks at these kinds of things a little more closely, but they are still not going to much around much with pedagogy or course content. They'll look at whether the degree program is coherent, whether key topics are covered, etc. So there is still a lot of room for variation from course to course between college campuses. Also, FWIW, not all programs seek accreditation and it's not just because they are crappy and think they won't pass. Sometimes really good programs don't seek it because they disagree with some of the principles espoused by the accrediting body, or they don't want to distribute student credit hours the way that accreditation would dictate. Four example, in my state (Michigan) only four of the 15 public institutions have bothered to get NCATE accreditation for their teacher education programs. One of the ones which didn't, MSU, has one of the best-regarded education programs in the country.
i have used ELI5 explanations to share simplistic answers to complex questions with my class in the past. They were excited to hear that there is a place they can ask "Big Questions" and get straight forward answers. I created a box for them to submit their questions in and told them I would make a post. I am sure many have previously been answered on the site but I am posting the list in its entirety. EDIT: Thanks so much for all the answers! I didn't expect so many people to try to answer every question. The kids will be ecstatic to see these responses. I will try to limit the number of the questions in the future. Below are all the questions they asked, some are substantially easier to answer than others. Why do we age? What do people see or feel when they die? Why are there girls and boys? How do you make metal? Why do we have different skin hair and eye colour? Why do we need food and water? How do your eyes and body move? Why do we sleep? Why don’t dinosaurs live anymore? How are dreams made? How do you sleep for so long? How did animals come? Who made up coffee? Did we come from monkeys? How does water have nothing in it? Who made up art? Why do we have eyebrows? How do you make erasers? How big is the universe? Who made up languages for Canada? Why is a doughnut called a doughnut if there’s no nuts in it? Why did the dinosaurs come before people? Why is the universe black? Why do we wear clothes? Why would the sun keep on fire if there is no air? How long until the sun goes supernova? How did Earth get water on it if it came from a fireball? How was the Earth made? Why are there different countries?I'll take this one: Why would the sun keep on fire if there is no air? For a long time, people though the sun was just a big ball of fire in the sky. And it's true that the sun is very hot; hot enough to burn almost anything. But actually, the sun doesn't shine because it's on fire. If it did, it would have gone out already, because even the sun isn't big enough to burn for that long. Instead, the sun shines for the same reason that nuclear bombs explode. What happens in the sun and in nuclear bombs (some of them, anyway) is that it squeezes atoms together. In the sun, the squeezing is from gravity; in nuclear bombs the squeezing is from normal bombs that go off in a circle around the nuclear bomb. Anyway, it squeezes the atoms together enough that they get smashed into a single atom, like if you push two balls of play-dough together. Now, it takes energy to hold something together: like if you had two dogs on leashes it would be hard to keep them from running away from each other, right? Well, it turns out that for some type of atoms (like hydrogen getting smashed into helium) it takes less energy to keep the new big atom together than it did to hold the two old atoms together. So the extra energy comes out of the smashed atom, and one of the ways it comes out is by light. And the light shines out into space and that's why the sun shines. In nuclear bombs the extra energy comes out as an explosion (and also light). Just like a nuclear bomb is bigger than a campfire, there's a lot more energy made from smashing atoms than if the sun was just a big fire, so the sun will keep shining for a very long time.
My stomach spent 15 hours in the deepest pits of Mordor yesterday and it got me thinking this question. It obviously hurts, but what is hurting and what is physically causing me to feel this pain? Edit: Thanks for your responses everyone. That pretty much cleared it up.And there are different types of pain: somatic, visceral, and neuropathic. Somatic is when you hurt your skin, muscles, or bones. Neuropathic is caused by damage to the nerves. When you have a stomach ache, that's visceral pain. Visceral pain is pain of the internal organs. (I know that's not quite explainlikeimfive, but I thought some people might find that interesting.) As for what is physically hurting, it depends what's causing it. When someone says "my stomach hurts," that could mean a lot of things because there are a lot of organs in the abdomen. That's why the nurse and doctor will ask you a ton of questions. Where does it hurt? When did it start, what did you do right before, what did you eat, did you move in a funny way? They'll ask you to characterize the pain (aching, stabbing, burning, pressure). Along with more questions. And they'll look, listen, and feel around your whole abdomen. Then you might be sent for diagnostic imaging tests, because like I said, there are a lot of organs in there. All of these things are put together to give the healthcare team a picture of what's wrong with you. Anyway, if the pain is caused by constipation or trapped gas, what you're feeling is pain in the intestines. The intestines are swelling with too much stuff inside one section (likely trapped behind a stubborn piece of stool), and working overtime to try to move all that stuff along. So it's like overstretching a balloon, while also overworking a muscle. That's pretty common and might be what you were feeling yesterday. From the sounds of it, the problem has passed. (Not to be alarmist, but a little constipation can turn into a big blockage for some people.)
Unions aren't some broad/nebulous construct, different ones do different things, and have different pros/cons. Construction Unions represent individuals that would otherwise be treated as individual companies/contractors by major construction companies. The union negotiates standard rates/fees for various services (bricklaying, sheet-metal work, etc.) so that individual workers don't engage in a race-to-the-bottom for prices. In big cities unions will also function as a job-placement service, so that elevator repairmen/electricians/etc can spend their time doing their job instead of looking for a job. The major drawback has to do with contract negotiations and cost controls. For example, a corporation may want to build a new building in a city but is forced by the cities rules to hire a certain number of union construction crew. This reduces their flexibility in being able to hire people at a lower cost. Union construction workers also have pretty stern regulations and limitations as to what they can/can't do. Much of what the unions fought for in the latter half of the 20th century, such as workplace safety, has now been made law. However, there are a plethora of rules/regulations that can frustrate contract managers. For example, a pallet of brick-laying material may sit idle for weeks on a construction floor because only a union employee and move it or work with it.
You are not. But, convincing them no one does covers of songs represented by those agencies could be a challenge. If it were me and I were confident my acts would always be willing to do only original music, I'd tell the agencies to fuck off. But, make sure no one ever plays a cover, because it will open you up to big liability. And, the agencies do have an army of people who check up on this stuff. Also note that if you play the radio or have an MP3 player playing in the background at any point, you are also subject to fees. You really can't have any music that is covered by these agencies playing, at all, or you'll be subject to fees. (There are exceptions, with services that have the fees built in, like Sirius Radio for Business.)I knew a local show promoter who refused to pay any fees. He had all the live bands agree to not play any covers. For house music when bands weren't performing, he compiled hundreds of tracks from local musicians not represented by these agencies who gave their permission for their work to be used as house music. The agencies tried to shake him down multiple times but he documented everything and told them to fuck off. So if OP is committed to not paying any licensing fees he or she could go this route.
Let's say it blends in with a tree and it dies spontaniously. Will it change back (to green?) or will it just stay the way it is? Edit: I wasn't really sure if I'd understand answers from r/askscience, so I chose to post here, hope you don't mind. Although there were a lot of different answers, I could make up my mind about it and I thank you all for commenting! PS: I apologize to anyone who misread the title and thought of a dead pokémon, have a nice day.Chameleons change their skin color using neural impulses. It's convenient to think of a chameleon changing its color to lifting your arm above your head. When a person dies, that lifted arm will fall to their side as the neural signals telling those muscles to lift that arm up turn off. When a chameleon dies, it stops sending those signals, and turns to its natural color, which, for most species, is a dark brown or black. Edit: Fun Fact- chameleons don't actually change colors based on their surroundings (for the most part). They change colors to impress potential mates and for communication. They also change colors to blend in, but this is a secondary use of their coloring.Thank god the top post addresses the real use of their color changing. I've had pet chameleons since i was in grade school, and that's always driven me nuts. Fun fact: baby chameleons (veiled ones, at least) shake when you blow on them to make themselves look like leaves.
What the hell! None of those are even typed symbols? (ノಠ益ಠ)ノ彡┻━┻ | Why am I so angry about this?? I 'm gonna let off some steam. ┏(--)┛┗(--﻿ )┓┗(--)┛┏(--)┓ Ok, I'm more relaxed. ¯_(ツ)_/¯ Where did they come from? How long does it take to create one of those symbols from scratch? How does it get implemented into the font "world"? ส็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็็_(ツ)_ส้้้้้้้้้้้้้้้้้้้้Imagine I have a pen-pal in Russia; his name is Vladimir. Back when we used to send each other letters on paper, it was easy: I'd write in English, and he'd write me back in Russian. When computers came along, things suddenly got much more difficult for Vlad. I could write him letters in English just fine, but when he tried to write me back in Russian, he realized that his computer only had English letters! You see, a lot of important inventions in computers were created in the USA, meaning that they were designed for people who spoke English. One of those inventions was ASCII, the American Standard Code for Information Interchange. ASCII is essentially a list of the 128 characters someone using a computer in English would need, along with the binary codes that represent them. ASCII contains all the upper and lowercase letters, numbers 0-9, and assorted punctuation and spacing. For example, the letter 'A' has a binary code of "01000001". As the Internet became more and more popular, other languages started making their own lists of characters, because not everybody wanted to type everything in English. It got to be quite a mess, and you could never be sure that the binary code your computer thought meant "A" wouldn't mean "Œ" on someone else's computer.
**sorry for my bad EnglishELI5 Version A long time ago some really mean people drew nasty cartoons about black people. These cartoons showed black people as being stupid and lazy people, who only cared about eating watermelon. Lots of the time these cartoons also made black people look really ugly and gross. These cartoons and pictures also sometimes showed black people stealing chicken. They wanted to show that black people were so lazy that all they could do is steal watermelon and chicken. Adult explanation It's the origins of the image. It's probable that the connection between the two didn't really come into being until after the American Civil War, but by the 1880s it's wide spread and depictions of black people and watermelon eating are almost always done with a caricature of the face (at least overly large lips, if not distorted heads), and generally a too large piece of melon. When you look at images like this and this and this, and this and finally this you can clearly see the racist connection between black people and eating watermelon.
Every time I chew mint gum or have a mint, water becomes almost painfully cold to my mouth. Why is this? EDIT: Yes, I understand this has been asked before. I apologize.You know when you eat a hot wing and it feels like burning? Cold water helps a bit and hot food intensifies it. It's a chemical and it works the opposite with mint. Mint has menthol in it. Menthol makes your brain think that the area is cold when it really isn't in the same way that capsaicin makes the brain think the area is burning. So, when you drink water, the water pulls some real heat from your mouth and the brain adds the real cooling effect of the water to the perceived cooling effect of the menthol and your brain gets a super cool sensation.So... correct me if I'm wrong... but would menthol counter the effect that capsaicin has? And vice versa?So it's like the opposite of capsaicin?Ok this might be a really stupid off topic question but is the menthol in mint the same as in menthol cigarettes? I don't smoke but I've seen that label around.
There's something called 'Theory of Mind' that says humans understand that there is a brain in their heads with individual thoughts, other brains out there with different thoughts, and the fact that these brains are not the same consciousness. The fact that you can sit there and think about thinking ("Why can I hear my own thoughts? Why can't I hear someone else's thoughts? Why do other thoughts not happen the way mine do?") is something that has developed in human beings for millions of years, and has only solidified fairly recently in the evolutionary timeline. What's interesting is that young children often show that the development of 'understanding your own thoughts and the thoughts of other people' is not completely after birth. If you show a 3 year old a box labelled crayons, they will say that there are crayons this box. But when you show them the box, it is actually filled with candy. The child can accept this, but if you ask them, "What will your friend say is in this box?" They will answer, "Candies," and be unable to understand the concept that another brain would hold a different perception of something, even though they just made that assumption. Their theory of mind is only partially developed because they can hear their own thoughts, and only their own thoughts. The "how" of your question is hard to answer because there isn't a specific part of your brain that says "YOU WILL HEAR YOUR OWN THOUGHTS" and if you knock it out, it'll stop. The fact that you can hear your own thoughts seems to be a result of a developed self-consciousness, awareness of other brains, and language centres that let you think about thinking, about yourself, and do so with words.
[deleted]I can't stress enough about "not a literal 5 year old." I haven't been subscribed for all that long (maybe 6 months), but I always see people complaining that the words are too hard for a five year old or it's supposed to sound simple and dumb like you'd talk to a 5 year old. A lot of top comment start with, "Well, Johnny, you know how ..... " shit. I don't mind if it's done cleverly, but it rarely is.Exactly. And if someone wants it explained that way, go on over to r/explainlikeIAmA and pose the question as "Explain the heat death of the universe as if I'm literally a 5 year old." Not saying it'll get upvoted, but it doesn't belong here.Not to mention, those people who try to explain it as if they are speaking to a five-year-old, often end up giving poor, badly-written answers anyway. They tend to lean on metaphor far too heavily and end up writing convoluted, barely-coherent answers which are overly condescending. Yeah, the key is to simplify ideas to the level the layman can easily grasp a concept, not to treat other adults like they are children.
edit: front page...nice.There's a few similar answers here, but a lot of history missing. I'll summarize and let others elaborate. Our story begines some time ago when the internet was still relatively new... In Japan, nerds are ostracised socially. They are called "otaku" and they get a lot of very negative media attention. If someone is outed as an otaku, people may look down on them, even disown them as friends or refuse to hire them. But there are also a very very large amount of nerds in Japan. This, combined with the facts that Japan as a whole is a very tech savvy country, but also very private, gave rise to a very important message board called 2channel. It was important because it pioneered the idea that you should be able to post to a message board anonymously. This way, you could discuss your nerdy hobbies openly with like-minded individuals and not have it link back to your real identity. Your hobbies were private from your real life, and vice versa. 2channel was very popular, but left out some important features. A different website was made that was like 2channel except you could post images instead of just text. It was called 2chan (or "futaba channel"). Meanwhile in America, the internet was rapidly growing. American nerds were creating "underground communities" on the internet that focused heavily on not only discussion of hobbies and interests, but content creation and the rapid spreading of jokes and other anecdotes. One of these (probably the biggest in its time) was called Something Awful, or SA for short. SA was also a pioneer in some of its fields, by forcing users to spend $10 for an account in order to post but also would permanently ban you for the slightest rulebreaking (this helped stop spam and prevent unwanted mediocre posts). SA also really pushed the envelope in controversial topics, by creating dark humor and shock value. However, you were still required to register in order to post, which meant that a paper-trail was always left that could possibly lead back to you. A member of this community named Moot learned of 2chan over in japan and felt the philosophy of anonymous posting could do well in communities like SA. He replicated the 2chan software and called it 4chan.
It would be good to know some good resources too. I have a lot of friends that are undecided or that use personality/religion to select a candidate. If I had an easy to understand list or explanation they could refer to, they could make an informed decision.I'd suggest trying the online quiz at iSideWith. It gives you very specific platforms for every presidential candidate and helps you see which one you agree with most. It does not try to justify or explain the platforms, and the language used seems neutral to me. EDIT: You will get the most out of this quiz if you do two things: rate the importance of each question to you, and check out the options listed under "other" - some of them may be exactly what you wanted to see!I got Jill Stein on 92% of issues. I also side with Reddit on 69% of issues.I've never heard of Jill Stein before this moment, but apparently her and I are connected like a vulcan mind meld at 97% agreement.That quiz really helped me think about the major issues and helped me to explore more about the broad range of candidates available. My result: "I side 83% with Gary Johnson."
What are those guys doing exactly? What's with the different color jackets? Who do those guys work for?Think of it as a lemonade stand, a hot dog stand and a candy store all in one. You have all those people selling stuff at different prices and you have all the customers buying. Now everyone is impolite and yells over the other one. So you have signals and colours to identify each person. So you send a signal to lemonade guy you want 2 glasses and another to hot dog guy you want 1 all dressed, the other with ketchup only at a given price. So you have a bunch of people trying to buy and sell shit. All at the same time. It gets confusing, so they are colour coded. They use signals to be "heard" by the other guys. Everything is written down and entered in computers. Yes it is greatly automated, the majority of exchanges are just done via computer. But a good trader can always get a leg up on the competition and buy lemonade for his clients at a cheaper price than others. Or sell those dogs at a higher price. EDIT: I forgot to use candy in my example. Today was a shit day for candy, no one wanted any.Good job. The candy reference aside, basically it sounds like a big group of five year olds doing business.
When we imagine something, like a person, we can picture them clearly with as much detail as we want. How are we seeing this, if it's not actually in front of us? The image that we're picturing isn't real, yet we can still see it as if it were. Where is this image in our brain, and how is it even possible? I don't know if this made sense, because I can't really put it into words. Hopefully someone understood me.Cognitive psychologist here. You see mental (imagined) images in the same parts of your brain that you see images from the real world. IF you want more info check out this interview with Steve Kosslyn, or his old lab website here. Kosslyn has done more to research this question than anyone, and showed that we even use very low levels of our visual cortex when we are imagining details in an image.Cognitive neuroscience grad student here with 7 years research in the field- please upvote this. There is a lot of misleading information in this thread, trying to keep it from drowning the more useful information. This is not my specialty, but related, so I provided a mini-rant here, which could probably use a good edit (shredding) - but must run, so only had a second! Moving.Nice! Thanks for that. And I'm guessing the same type of thing is true in our auditory cortex for sound, and the equivalent areas for taste/smell etc?
I live in New York and I don't even know. They seem to be reduced to a single table in Union Square where they play chess. What the hell happened? Edit: If you're going to quote The Big Lebowski... don't. It's not helpful or funny.This is an extremely difficult question to explain in simple terms. You could say "Winter" and that would be true. You could say "government crackdown" and that would also be true. You could also say "poor organization", "poor execution", or even "it was never meant to be permanent" and all of those answers would have an element of truth. What distinguished OWS from other protests of the late 20th and early 21st century was the very verb chosen - to occupy. Protests like Seattle were bounded both temporally and spatially, once the event ended, people went home. Occupy was about - as much as it was about anything - making physically present a group of people and demands that are often swept under the rug by global capitalism. Now, there is a whole host of theory about how and why their refusal to have leaders or make universal demands was actually an asset (drawn from Zizek, Badiou, Lefebvre, Harvey, take your pick), and if you're interested I'm sure a host of redditors would point you in that direction. However, as a "five year old," what you should take away is that OWS shifted the national debate - the idea of the 99% (which filters even to Romney's 47% comment), the idea of "too big to fail" (edit: By which I mean a conversation on income inequality and irresponsible lending/banking practices - see below) - these don't happen without Occupy.
Every post I saw explained Bitcoin mining simply by saying "computers do math (hurr durr)". Can someone please give me a concrete example of such a mathematical problem? If this has been answered somewhere else and I didn't find it (and I tried hard!), please feel free to just post a link to that comment. Thank you :)It looks like there's still a bit of misinformation here, so I'll try to clear it up. The Big Picture Mining increases the bitcoin network's security and fights fraud by calculating what's effectively a checksum for transactions. By contributing their computing power to the bitcoin network for mining, individuals are rewarded with newly minted bitcoins by the community. This also provides a way to distribute new bitcoins in a fair manner. The Details Hash functions are at the heart of mining. A hash function is basically a complicated math formula that takes in some arbitrary input and gives a reproducible output. However, changing the input even slightly will completely alter the output. For example, using the SHA-256 hash function: SHA-256 of "Test" always outputs a hash of "532eaabd9574880dbf76b9b8cc00832c20a6ec113d682299550d7a6e0f345e25" SHA-256 of "test" (lowercase t) is "9f86d081884c7d659a2feaa0c55ad015a3bf4f1b2b0b822cd15d6c15b0f00a08" Now, let's say Alice decides to pay Bob 10BTC. The bitcoin network basically records that in the public ledger of transactions as "Alice -> 10 -> Bob". However, right now someone could change that 10 to a 20 without consequence. The network has to have some way of checking if the recorded transaction is valid or fraudulent. That's where mining comes in.
Thanks for all the responses, guys! The reason I was asking is because of a mishap I had back when I was 17. Never smoked weed before and was feeling extra curious, so my friend set up a bowl for me (I guess that's a lot for a beginner?). So soon after, started getting short of breath, got panic wave, that pulsating stabbing feeling. So as my friends notice me freaking out, they decide to tell me that what I smoked wasn't weed. It was k2 (panic). You know, that stuff that gives people heart attacks. So after 13 hours it finally subsided, had that post traumatic look on life. I still don't smoke weed, I've tried it and the same result occurs, but thanks for giving me some insight as to why it happened.I don't know this for sure, but as a therapist working with people who suffer from anxiety and panic attacks, here's my guess: some people's anxiety is a defense mechanism for their body. It allows them to be constantly vigilant about things they perceive as threats to their physical and emotional well-being. Pot can be very physically relaxing and mentally distracting, leaving highly anxious people to feel less vigilant and more vulnerable. Their body has a panic response to this, because on some level they feel like they're in danger.Iv heard many cases of people smoking it for years, and suddenly after a few years they are forced to stop because of panic attacks every time they smoke. It seems strange that their body reacts to something they usually are so comfortable with.I understand panic attacks well. I have had far too many to count. And for a while, I was completely comfortable smoking. And then one day it changed. I wasn't smoking anywhere out of the ordinary or in a more stressful environment: my body just reacted and freaked the hell out. I can't distinguish any factors that were different that day. Strange.
3 key reasons: North Korea, while technologically and numerically inferior to South Korea, do have a stranglehold on SK; in the shape of an estimated 10,000 artillery pieces (mobile and not), all pre-dialled onto South Korean population centres and military bases. At a moment's notice, North Korea is capable of unleashing a notable amount of destruction upon South Korea. North Korea is also obviously nuclear - while their missile technology is a bit lacking, it is significantly easier to fire a few hundred km than a few thousand. Additionally, through tunnelling, smuggling or even possibly via a shell, there are alternative methods to using a rocket to get a nuke to it's target. The population of North Korea is indoctrinated, and North Korea is the most tunnelled-under nation on Earth - whilst we don't know the full extent of either of these, we do know that North Koreans are basically taught that the western world (mainly the US) is evil and pig-like, etc. Trying to win a nation's population over, by destroying their military and killing their peers, is a pretty difficult thing to do, let alone to ones whom firmly believe that there aren't better alternatives to their lifestyle. As for the tunnels, think of Vietnam; the North Vietnamese hired North Korea tunnellers and planners to set up some of their networks. With it's mountains as well, North Korea will have difficult terrain to battle across - lots of cover for enemies to hide behind, and lots of tunnels and shortcuts for enemies to flank you with, or to use for explosive-laying.
As a European I'm quite aware about football's presence in American culture, but I still don't get it. And why is soccer considered a feminine sport by so many Americans, while the rest of the planet considers it to be a very masculine sport? And what do you guys think about rugby compared to both?Something that I think is widely misunderstood about American perceptions of soccer... Soccer is an extremely popular sport for people to play in the US, with 14-20 million kids enrolled in soccer leagues at any given time, depending whose numbers you use (far greater numbers than pop warner football, which is usually counted in the hundreds of thousands). Americans are actually very familiar with soccer, and most athletically-inclined households have a soccer ball and enjoy the sport. Soccer is relatively less-popular as a spectator sport in the US, but there are a few things to consider: The US has at least four other major professional spectator sports, depending how you count "major" (Gridiron football, basketball, baseball, and hockey). Plus things like college sports, boxing, Nascar, X-games type stuff, etc. An american household with a typical cable TV package can probably pick from at least three different sporting events to watch at any given moment, and sometimes as many as 12 or more. So soccer has a lot more competition for eyeballs than it does in countries where it's the primary/sole spectator sport.
A friend asked me what a particular accent sounded like. I wanted to demonstrate it. I could form a sentence in my head and "hear" it with a realistic accent, but when i tried to produce it, it sounded completely different. Why is that?Because you don't know what you're supposed to do with your mouth and tongue to produce the sounds you can hear in your mind.It is like the old joke about how to get to Carnagie Hall. Practice.This is precisely it. It's like knowing exactly what needs to be done to play a riff on guitar, but not being able to play it because your fingers and hands won't "follow". You don't know how much or in what way you're meant to move every little part of your hands and arms in order to produce those sounds and stuff.Also the throat. You can sing like Pavarotti in your head, but that doesn't mean you can reproduce it.This is it exactly. It all comes down to muscle memory. Try counting from 1 to 10 in your first language and then 1 to 10 in the target language (the one you're learning). You're going to be much faster in your first language, and it all comes down to practice. It might not make perfect, but it makes fluent.
I've experienced this many times in my life, but no one I've talked about it with can relate. It doesn't have to be really far up, either, it can just be jumping off your bike, and it shoots through the 'wrist of the foot.' I can often anticipate it as well. As in mid air or just before jumping I can tell this is going to be one of those times.I'm surprised no one has answered this. I'm not a card-carrying physiologist, but I do a lot of work on physiology and anatomy and also do a lot of jumping. Here is ELI5: The arch of your foot is kind of like a spring, but it's not a very good spring. It can absorb energy when you're running, but as you start jumping higher, your legs have to help with the landing. When you jump down, your foot absorbs some of the force of the jump. But it can't absorb it all so the excess force goes into your legs. If your legs aren't in the right position or your muscles are tight, they can't absorb as much energy as usual, so instead of the energy going up into your legs, more energy stays in your foot for longer. This makes your foot and sometimes your ankle hurt because there's a lot of energy stored in that small area. Because your legs can't absorb as much energy when they're tense, this energy that stays in the foot longer goes straight to your body, which isn't usually as used to absorbing a lot of force, so it makes you feel "jarred." The reason this doesn't happen when you jump normally is because normal jumping is a common motion, so your body is used to relaxing your legs as you're landing your jump. When you're jumping down though, your body doesn't have as much time during the jump or experience dealing with the jump, so it tends to be more tense, especially in the legs.
In the original release of Star Wars, Han Solo is sitting at a table with Greedo, an alien working for Jabba the Hut, who has come to bring Han in to Jabba. They have their conversation with Greedo pointing his blaster at Han the entire time. At the end of the conversation, Han quick draws his own blaster, fatally shooting Greedo in the chest. In the 1997 rerelease, Lucas edited the scene to have Greedo shoot at Han first, missing, and then Han firing back, killing him. Fans were upset with the change, saying that Han shooting Greedo established him as an anti hero, causing his later transformation into a hero to be more meaningful for them. Hence the phrase "Han shot first".Also its highly implausible for Greedo, who was sitting right in front of Han for several minutes with his blaster aimed right at Han, to then miss a point blank shot. It makes him look extremely incompetent.Thankyou. As someone who has seen the Star Wars series only a few times since released and not a fan, your explanation was the easiest to digest.
Thanks for answering... I just don't get it! edit: I learned 3 things. 1: hostess is poorly structured and execs might have a larger salary than most people see necessary. 2: the workers may go back to work after hostess shuts down at the same factories, sold to other companies for better pay/benefits. 3: hostess probably isn't actually shutting down, because it's done this before.Oh dear.... I guess I'll take a swing at this since there is a Hostess plant not 15 mins down the road. What happened was the company went back on their contract with the workers. The teamsters eventually accepted this, while the other arm of the union has not. These companies will NOT go out of business, they will simply sell off the existing factories etc. These striking workers are hoping the new owners will honor the contract that was signed, it's likely that they won't. However, this "tough" stance will help them when it's time to go to the negotiating table. In short, you will still be able to buy Twinkies in the future.My wife agrees, I'm not so sure. With the health pushes since the 90s, the market for their product isn't what it once was. While someone might buy their product line, production would be on a smaller scale than it was before. They may also chose to move and consolidate operations into their own factories rather than dealing with a new union if they do. But, plenty of brands have outright gone out of business. I can't buy half the crap I used to like as a kid.
What is their cause and what exactly happens?ELI5 version: Your muscles are like big bundles of strings, and sometimes they get a little knot in them. Sometimes this happens because you were sitting or sleeping in a funny way, or sometimes it's because you were playing really hard, or maybe for no reason at all, these strings get all tangled up in a little area and it stretches all the other strings and really hurts! You can often get rid of these knots by pushing down on the knot or rubbing it really hard, trying to straighten the strings back out. It can really hurt a lot when you are doing this, but you usually feel better after! Or you can just wait and usually it's gone by the next day. Not ELI5 version: Therapists and other medical folk are more often calling these "trigger points", using terminology that's been around in the massage therapy community for ages. There's no massive consensus about what exactly causes these but essentially it's like the ELI5 answer: the fibers of your muscle all squash up in one location for whatever reason (see the "Potential causes of trigger points" section in that article). The annoying thing about these is the tendency of the pain to refer elsewhere; that is, you'll have a trigger point under your scapula but your neck will be really, really sore. Treat that trigger point, suddenly your neck pain and headache and whatever go away. It's like freaking wizardry.
This might be a bit of a philosophical, "intangible" question but I'm very curious. Can I call it mine even when it's three states away shipping, because I paid the seller, or do I not have the right to call it mine until it's in my hands? Edit: Wow! Thank you all! I really appreciate the answers and the time taken by everyone who commented. This started out as a small conversation between me and my boyfriend, I didn't realize the business/legal implications of it.It depends on the contract you have with the shipper and who is taking the risk during the shipping. In business to business transactions there is usually a mention of "FOB" during the sale. "FOB" stands for Free On Board. If the seller sells the items FOB ship point, then you take possession at their shipping dock and you are responsible for the risk during shipping. If the seller sells the item with FOB-your door, then they are taking the risk during shipping and you don't own it until it gets to your door. In other words, if your package gets damaged during shipping who has to call UPS to get it fixed, you or the seller? That will tell you who "owns" the package during shipping, and by extension that will tell you when you "own" it. With most online purchases an individual would make it would be FOB ship point. So as soon as it leaves their building you "own" it. Source: I worked in Purchasing for 3 years.This only applies if the incoterm (FOB) is expressly mentioned in the contract.
tl;dr/ELI5 - It's possible that a certain part of your brain might send too many signals to a nerve in your body when it is stressed out too much by the loss of someone or rejection. But it isn't for sure. Source Research has shown that a broken heart hurts in the same way as pangs of intense physical pain. A 2011 study demonstrated that the same regions of the brain that become active in response to painful sensory experiences are activated during intense experiences of social rejection, or social loss generally. "These results give new meaning to the idea that social rejection 'hurts'," said University of Michigan social psychologist Ethan Kross, lead author of the article. The Michigan research implicates the secondary somatosensory cortex and the dorsal posterior insula. Macdonald and Leary had earlier (2005) proposed the evolution of common mechanisms for both physical and emotional pain responses, and noted that multiple languages and cultures use terms like "hurt", "heartbreak", "hurt heart" or "ripped out my heart" to describe responses to social exclusion and argue that such expressions are "more than just a metaphor". The psychologist and writer Dorothy Rowe recounted that she thought of heartbreak as an empty cliché until she experienced it herself as an adult. Heartbreak can sometimes lead people to seek medical help for the physical symptom, and may then be related to a somatoform disorder.
I'm babysitting my little brother, and he's sick. At the dinner table, he drops this question: "Why are my dreams so strange when I have a fever?" I can't answer. Help me?Your brain likes it to be warm. But not too warm. About 37 degrees celsius, to be exact. If it gets too cool (34-35 degrees), or too hot (40-41 degrees) things start going wrong. Why? All the cells in your body have been made to work best in a specific, and quite small, temperature range. This is kind of like cooking - if you cook something, you're doing chemistry, and there's lots of chemistry going on in your body. Your brain's thoughts (and dreams, because those are thoughts too) are all being "cooked up" at just the right temperature. You know how you can't cook an egg without a fire (too cold!), and if you make the fire too hot, the egg would burn and go all black and horrid (too hot!)? Your brain (and all the cells in your body) are like that too. So even if you've got only 1 or 2 degrees fever, your brain's "cooking" is a bit off, and things are coming out a bit "burnt" (funny).You seem to have a decent knowledge base here, so I've gotta ask, any idea why malaria medication is notorious for producing strange (and VIVID) dreams?
Link to the full list: http://www.reddit.com/r/weeklyreddit/comments/nyhla/top_25_subreddits_of_2011/ In less than six months, you've grown from a single idea into an integral part of the Reddit community (earning the honor of "fastest growing subreddit" along the way, I might add). I know I speak for the other mods when I say that I'm proud to be a part of such a great group of people.I can say that if it wasn't for ELI5, I'd be lost about some things. It's smartened me up enough that I might be able to graduate to ELI10. If it existed.ELI10: in the top 25 subreddits of 2012Can someone ELI5 this post?There are lots of clubs at your school, there is Gaming club, Science Club, Reading Club and lots of others. At the end of the school year the teachers looked at how popular everything was and this club, that was only created this year, was so popular it not only got lots of people to join but also did it quicker than any other club ever. :PCan someone link to the post that started it all? It was amazing.
There's a lot I don't understand here, not least how they identify each other in everyday situations. But what about getting a passport, visiting a prison, getting a library card, getting a driver's license (not relevant in Iran Saudia Arabia (thanks to buried_treasure) I know), passing through airport security or getting a bank card? The list goes on. If you're wearing a burqa, a niqāb, or most of all a boshiya then you won't be able to be identified at all. I suppose someone will say that they just take them off but the Qur'an is really clear about who they can reveal their 'modesty' to. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Islam_and_clothing I should clarify. I'm not just interested in how they're IDed in Islamic Countries but also how they're identified on entry to non islamic countries or when going about their business there. Could a women entering the United Kingdom with a face veil be asked to raise it? Another edit: this is the passage that makes me wonder about female inspectors; [Women] should [...] not display their beauty except to their husbands, their fathers, their husband's fathers, their sons, their husbands' sons, their brothers or their brothers' sons, or their sisters' sons, or their women, or the slaves whom their right hands possess, or male servants free of physical needs, or small children... Bold is my own.As I live in an arabic country, I can tell you, that on their passport, or official ID card, women have a picture of their face. This is taken by a female photographer. At official purposes (such as imigration on the airport) they lift it just enough that the officer can check and the camera can scan the face.they lift it just enough that the officer can check and the camera can scan the face. Weird. We asked for the same here in Canada and people flipped shit saying it was religious discrimination. What am I misunderstanding here? (not sarcastic, genuine question to anyone who understands the situation more than I do)Yep, this. Passport control at border crossings and airports (certainly ones I've been through in KSA, UAE and Bahrain) have separate rooms or buildings in which female officials can check female travellers' ID.
Do we already do this? Case in point: http://news.sciencemag.org/sciencenow/2012/12/another-earth-just-12-light-year.html - taken from post in r/science. EDIT: Awesome, I fell asleep and woke up with ten times the answers. I shall enjoy reading these. Thanks to all who have responded!We can't "see" earth like planets. They are too far away. The hubble telescope is great for seeing faint and far away things. We can see faint stars. We can see distant galaxies. We can see BOTH of these things because they give off light. We point our telescope at these and basically "leave the shutter open". This gathers light over an extended period of time. Planets do not give off light. They only reflect light. This is not enough light to actually "see" the planet itself. And on the remote chance we do see it, it isn't in enough detail to see the surface. The reason we know planets exist is not because we "see" them. It is because we see the effect they have on the stars they orbit.And even if we could 'see' the planet, the long exposure time (to allow the faint light to register) would render the image as a blur due to the inevitable rotational times of the planets being 'photographed'. I think :)
Bankruptcy lawyer here. I'll try to keep this on a five year old level... The first thing that happens is something called the "automatic stay" goes into effect. This means that nobody to whom you owe money may try to collect that money. Many of my clients state that the relief this provides from the stress of collection calls is the greatest benefit of bankruptcy. As ANewMachine615 pointed out, there are two common types of personal bankruptcy, although some individuals file under other Chapters in certain circumstances. By the way, they are called "Chapters" because the rules governing are found in Chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code (Laws), Chapter 13, etc. In a Chapter 7, all of your property then becomes part of something called the bankruptcy estate. A person known as the trustee is responsible for seeing that your creditors (people to whom you owe money) receive as much as they are allowed under the law. He does this by auctioning off the property of the bankruptcy estate, which, remember, used to be yours. If you have pledged certain property as security for a debt, such as a car for a car loan, that debt is called secured debt. Usually, a person's secured debt is just cars and houses, but other things sometimes fall in that category as well. All other debt is unsecured. This usually includes things such as credit cards and medical bills.
Cop here. Short answer is, it depends. If it's a serious crime and the drugs and money were evidence, the drugs and money will be retained in evidence for 5-7 years for potential appeals, or longer, depending on the wishes of the prosecution. If the crime isn't so serious (as in 2-3 years or less) and the money wasn't proven to be derived from, or in furtherance to, illicit activity, it will most likely be returned to the owner. (This follows the same asset forfeiture laws as vehicles, houses, boats, clothing, etc. so a separate hearing is usually initiated to test/verify if the money was illicit.) Each jurisdiction has their own set of rules, regulations, and laws, but generally the drugs and money will either be disposed of (by at least two witnesses) or they will be kept. (Drugs can be used for training or future investigative operations. Money goes back to the parent government, NOT the seizing agency.) There is usually some forms that need to be filled out and approved by the chief of the law enforcement organization and the prosecutor's office and/or judge. If the drugs are kept, they are stored in the property/evidence room and only checked out for operations/training - they're weighed when they leave and weighed again when they come back. If there's any missing and it wasn't used in an approved training or operation, it would be your ass. The drugs could be used for K-9 training or controlled burns (how do you think that cops and confidential informants know what marijuana smells like - they, like the dogs, have to have it signed off in their personnel/training records.) We will also use it to do field test training for those that don't get a lot of exposure to it (probation/parole officers, investigative assistants, confidential informants etc.) Operations is what you suspect - reverse buy/busts or buy/walks.
I don't know about Java but I can explain Adobe. Adobe Flash and Adobe Reader are 'catch all' tools designed to read a huge library of file types and any special characteristics of those files. This is especially true for Adobe Reader. The Adobe Acrobat suite can do far more than simply convert Word documents to PDF. As an example, you can embed full 3D environments in a PDF file! Spiffy! The problem is that Reader and Flash require extra programming to support these features even though many people don't use them. This increases the amount of coding required which means the chances of vulnerabilities also increases due to all the additional code needed to ensure these features work. When a vulnerability is found, it's usually related to one of these advanced features that few people use. Since the application doesn't let you pick which components to install, nor does it have a separate installer for each of these advanced features, the entire application has to be re-installed to fix this one problem. There's also a second part to this. The downside to Adobe having their software installed on almost every computer on the planet is that hackers are going to focus on them. This is also true for Java. Their software is everywhere. This makes them a prime target as the number of computers that can be exploited whenever they find a new vulnerability is huge.
I am reteaching myself math, but something is bugging me soooo bad and I can't find the answer. What is a real life example of multiplying a fraction by a fraction? I was wondering why .05 to the 5th exponent would get smaller not bigger. This is driving me bonkers.And please direct environmental questions to r/environment and questions about Australia to r/australia and economic questions to r/economics and questions about technology to r/technology. I don't think there should be any sacred cows in this subreddit...if someone wants a brief simple answer to a science question they should be able to ask it here.I agree. This subreddit isn't defined by the subjects, it's defined by how questions (topics) are answered in my view. (Or at least I think it should be) I just asked a question: http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/j37pl/what_is_the_higgs_boson_what_does_it_do_and_why/But will they explain it like you're 5?If you ask them to, sure. Robot Roll Call in particular does a good job of simplifying complicated ideas.
Would Bill Gates or Carlos slim be ale to go to the bank and just withdraw a billion? How do people define what they are worth if not all their money is in the bank? Edit: Followup question, if you own $100 Million in a lottery and took the lump sum, where would you put that money? The people who have billions already have a plan when they invest their money, but what about a person who suddenly has alot of money to put in his standard bank account?Billionaires do not keep their money in one place. They have diversified portfolios, owning stocks, bonds, businesses, real estate, etc. They definitely don't have a savings account sitting around with $1B in it. That's because inflation risk hurts the rich most of all. To keep their wealth from being worth less every year due to inflation, they need to put it to work by investing it, thereby earning more than inflation eats away at it. But in addition to investing in diversified asset classes, the filthy rich also spread their money among multiple brokerages and financial advisors. That's to make sure that if one brokerage goes out of business or one financial advisor tries to steal their money, they won't lose everything. One tool used a lot by the rich for estate planning is trusts. Trusts are legal entities (like a corporation or a non-profit or a real person) where the rich can put money outside of their estate. Wills can be contested in probate after you die, but trusts are much harder to fight in court. In addition to keeping assets out of your estate, you can also use trusts to pay less taxes and to hide your assets. Want to give more money to one of your kids over the other without anyone knowing? You can't do that with a will, but you can with trusts.
There is a whole group of computer Operating Systems which are called 'linux' because they all use the linux kernel, which basically just means they all work in roughly the same way. The main thing that differentiates linux from the other main operating systems (Windows and Mac OS X), is that it is "free software". With other "proprietary" software, nobody except for the company that made it is allowed to modify it, make and share their own versions, or even really see how it works. If there's something you don't like about a piece of proprietary software, the only thing you can do is ask the company that made it to change it, and if they don't want to, you just have to put up with it. If you find a problem with the software, even if you are a programmer and know how to fix it, you aren't allowed to. Free software doesn't have those restrictions, so linux is worked on by thousands of programmers all over the world, many of whom are not paid to do it, they just want to make the software better. Since so many people are making improvements and fixing bugs, linux is a very stable, fast and reliable operating system. Some advantages: You can change, tweak, customise or replace anything about your system if you want to. If you don't know how, chances are someone else has wanted the same thing as you and figured it out, so you can just use their solution.
The US has many many regulations on cars, stuff like emissions controls and safety. Some of this can be extremely expensive to engineer and build, and on low-production models it's not practical. The bigger problem is the testing requirements: manufacturers are required to crash test cars and it's an extremely expensive process. And if they change something, like the transmission, they may have to re-do all the crash testing. Imported cars are required to meet many of these requirements, even if you are just trying to get one car through customs.To add to this very good explanation, even small things are an issue when importing a car. The type of glass in the windows in the US, having plastic vs glass headlamps in Germany, the headlights themselves pointing towards the wrong side of the road (being a right-hand drive car in a LHD country), not having a white and red fog lamp in the rear in the UK, having yellow lights above the bumper in the US, not having the gear pattern imprinted on the shifter or the horn emblem on the steering wheel in Japan, and so on. Every country has different regulations and requirements, some very large (like crash testing) and some very small. They all add up to mean that importing cars is a lot more involved than you might imagine.
I've always thought it looked cool, but never know whats going on. It's like watching something in another language. I just don't get it. Is there an actual storyline?goku, the main character, is an alien from another planet with superhuman abilities. he also has a single-minded focus on becoming the most powerful thing in the universe in order to protect his adopted home planet from all the baddies that come along to fuck shit up. these baddies mostly want to go after these things called the dragon balls. if you collect the seven dragon balls, a huge dragon appears and grants you a wish, so bad guys will wish for what bad guys wish for, and thats not good (after a wish is made, the dragon balls turn to stone for a year and are unusable). basically goku trains and trains until he is the strongest guy around, until the new strongest guy around shows up, they have a big duel, goku pushes his limits, and ends up predominant. then, even though hes top dog, he trains more (he gets off on martial arts) until some other new bad guy shows up who is his equal, rinse and repeat... gokus friends are also after the dragon balls, mainly to wish goku and others back to life as they get killed in battles with said bad guys one of the best shows everGood summary, but I'd also add that it's a show about a guy who has all the power in the world, who uses self control, and who does everything he can to turn "bad guys" into "good guys."
Greetings, I guess its an easy question. But I would love it if someone explained exactly how the relationship, in terms of royalty, titles and offices works in this case. Is it an exception? Is it normal protocol? If Game of Thrones has taught is anything its, "whoever marries the King/Queen becomes Queen/King" Is TV lying to me? Why isn't Philip Mountbatten King of England?Two things. Firstly: men outrank women. A lord outranks a lady, a duke outranks a duchess, and a king outranks a queen. So were Philip termed a king proper, he would outrank his wife (the inheritor of the throne). He could be King Consort, but the husbands of reigning queens are almost always Prince Consorts instead to keep it clear who the true monarch is. That's not a rule, though -- Mary Stuart, heir to the throne and queen regnant (a regnant is a queen who holds the throne, as opposed to just consort to the king), gave her husband (and cousin) the title of King Consort. When a king marries a woman, she becomes the Queen Consort, but you never need to say Consort because it's implied. Secondly: under the current system, the monarch's partner doesn't automatically become anything. Philip Mountbatten wasn't even made Prince until Lizzy had been queen for years. When his wife was first Queen, he was just the Duke of Edinburgh, as he had been before. She just made him a Lord High Admiral last year. I believe, though I'm not certain, that there was even hesitation to make him Prince because he has German ties, and at the time his wife became Queen -- 1952 -- Britain had kind of a wariness of Germans, as you might imagine. Parliament needs to approve the naming of a King consort, and this is why Queen Victoria's husband never made it there, even though she wanted it -- he was German too, and that was a sore spot even then. In the 20th/21st centuries, being King consort rather than Prince consort really doesn't mean anything, so they've never tried for it.
Here I continue my efforts to try and break down the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, A.K.A. PPACA, A.K.A. ACA, A.K.A. "Obamacare". Here is my summation of the bill. Here is Part 1 of the Point-By-Point Here is Part 2 of the Point-By-Point . As I said before, this is a huge undertaking. The current version of the bill is 974 pages long, and I'm going through it bit by bit. But it's going to take a while to do it. I'll keep adding to this until I'm finished, but given that I have a job and a social life, I can't say how long it'll take. Also, I'll try to address questions people have as best I can, but again, it might take me a while to get back to you. Please be patient. So, without further ado, here goes... (Note: I am NOT an expert! I'm just a guy. If I have made an error on any of this, please let me know!) (Note: For the sake of clarity and continuity, any references to page numbers will be referring to the PDF file, not the page number in the document) Page 362, Sec. 3114 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, so that starting on January 1, 2011, nurse-midwife services received through a fee schedule can receive up to as much as if those same services were administered by a doctor. The apparent purpose is to make nurse-midwife services more accessible. Page 363, Sec. 3121 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to renew Medicare coverage for outpatient services in rural hospitals for another year (through January 1, 2011). Page 363, Sec. 3122 - Alters another bill, the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003, to extend from July 1, 2010 to July 1, 2011, payments to rural hospitals for clinical diagnostic laboratory tests covered under Medicare Part B. Page 363, Sec. 3123 - Alters another bill, the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003, to extend for an additional 5 years (ending sometime in 2014) a demonstration project to establish rural community hospitals. In addition, the number of these hospitals is doubled from 15 to 30, and the Secretary of Health and Human Services is to expand the states in which these hospitals can be located. This section also makes a series of minor language changes to the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003 to make the language fit better. Page 364, Sec. 3124 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to extend the Medicare Dependent Hospital (MDH) program for rural hospitals for another year (through October 1, 2012). Page 365, Sec. 3125 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, For the fiscal years 2011 and 2012, the amount paid to low-volume hospitals is increased by up to 25%, based on how many patients they've discharged. In addition, for those years, what qualifies as a "low-volume hospital" is expanded to include hospitals that are over 15 miles away from another qualifying hospital (instead of 25 miles away). Page 365, Sec. 3126 - Alters another bill, the Medicare Improvements for Patients and Providers Act of 2008, to expand a demonstration project revolving around community-level integrated health services on a county-by-county level. This section also removes the restriction on the number of counties that can be included in this demonstration project, and replaces some terminology. Page 366, Sec. 3127 - Directs the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission to conduct a study on how adequate payments to rural hospitals are. This report is to be given to Congress by January 1, 2011. Page 366, Sec. 3128 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to increase payments for emergency hospital services and ambulances from 100% of what is deemed a "reasonable cost" to 101%. Page 366, Sec. 3129 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, so that starting on January 1, 2010, grant money in that bill given to rural hospitals stays available until it is used (rather than expiring). It also adds that this grant money can now be used to make sure these hospitals are up to the standards set in the PPACA. Page 367, Sec. 3131 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, so that starting in 2014, the Secretary of Health and Human Services will start to phase in changes to the amounts paid to caregivers for home health services, based on a number of factors, including the type and cost of services, whether the caregiver is rural or urban, whether the caregiver is for-profit or non-profit, etc. The phase-in is to be across 4 years, to make sure the shift in payments isn't too much of a shock to the market. In addition, this section directs the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission to conduct a study on the effect this has on access to and quality of care. This report is to be given to Congress by January 1, 2015. On top of that, this section makes a number of smaller edits to indicate that the Secretary is to limit the amounts paid to these caregivers in a number of different ways. This section also alters another bill, the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003, to increase the payments made to rural home health services by 3% from April 1, 2010 to January 1, 2016. The Secretary is to conduct a study on home health agency costs for Medicare beneficiaries. The Secretary is to present this report to Congress no later than March 1, 2014. Also, after seeing the results of this study, the Secretary may conduct a demonstration project to test the changes recommended to improve services. If the Secretary decides to go ahead with this demonstration project, it is to last for four years, and start no later than January 1, 2015. The secretary is to set aside $500,000,000 from the the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund to fund both the study and the demonstration project. And if the Secretary does choose to go ahead with this demonstration, he is to evaluate and report on it to Congress. Page 371, Sec. 3132 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to gather data on payments for hospice care starting no later than January 1, 2011. At some point after October 1, 2013, the Secretary is to revise payments for hospice care. This section also says that a hospice care provider can only continue services if every 180 days they have a face-to-face meeting with the patient to determine whether that patient still needs hospice care. Page 373, Sec. 3133 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, so that starting in 2014, the method for determining disproportionate share hospital payments (payments to hospitals who treat indigent patients). will change, to be determined by a number of factors outlined here. It's a bit complicated, but the short version is that it looks like it'll be cutting these payments by about 75%, give or take. This is probably because it is expected that these hospitals will have far fewer uninsured patients to treat. Page 375, Sec. 3134 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, directing the Secretary of Health and Human Services to identify which services are "misvalued" (that are more expensive than they need to be or can be made more efficient through bundling). The Secretary is to make adjustments to the amount we pay hospitals for these services. This section also repeals a part of another bill, the Balanced Budget Act of 1997, that seems to direct the Secretary to just accept the generally accepted costs for these services. It also repeals a part of the Social Security Act that I'm having difficulty finding, but looks like it was something similar. Page 377, Sec. 3135 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act. I had to do some looking around online to get a feel for just what this does, but from what I see here, it looks like starting in 2011, it's increasing from 50% to 75% a rate used in determining expenses related to costly diagnostic imaging equipment. and reduces the payments for the use of this equipment by 25%. This section also directs the Chief Actuary of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services to report on whether this change in payments will reduce costs by $3,000,000,000. That report is to be made available no later than January 1, 2013. That strikes me as an oddly specific number, so I suspect that they expect that this will save that much. Page 378, Sec. 3136 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to change the Medicare payment for powered wheelchairs. Beginning on January 1, 2011, for the first three months of paying for a powered wheelchair, it goes up from 10% of the cost to 15% of the cost, and for subsequent months it goes down from 7.5% of the cost to 6% of the cost. Page 379, Sec. 3137 - This one had me stuck longer than any other section so far. I had to look around for what others said about it to get a better idea. Some thanks go to this Google Books archived book. Anyway, this section alters another bill, the Tax Relief and Health Care Act of 2006, directing the Secretary of Health and Human Resources to report to Congress no later than December 31, 2011 on reforming the hospital wage index, which determines how Medicare will compensate various medical professionals. Anyway, the Secretary's report is to take numerous factors into consideration,and apparently is meant to contain costs. Page 381, Sec. 3138 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to conduct a study on the costs associated with cancer hospitals compared to other hospitals. The secretary will determine an adjustment (presumably to payments) to account for the difference in costs. Page 381, Sec. 3139 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, referring to payments for biosimilar biologics. Biologics are medical treatments made from living organisms (like vaccines), and "biosimilar" refers to products that are effectively the same as existing products. This section says that Medicare will pay 106% of the cost of existing products for these biosimilar ones. It looks like the idea is to give upstart drug companies a chance to break into the market so they can compete with major drug companies that already exist. Page 382, Sec. 3140 - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish a Medicare Hospice Concurrent Care demonstration program, which will last for 3 years. As I understand it, hospice care is care for patients who are dying that doesn't attempt to treat the ailment that the patient is dying from, it only tries to ease their pain. Generally, Medicare recipients have to choose one or the other. The demonstration program this section creates will allow for some patients to choose both. This demonstration program is intended to be cost-neutral, and the Secretary is to report to Congress on how this affected quality of care and cost-effectiveness. Page 383, Sec. 3141 - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services in how to go about calculating the Hospital Wage Index Floor apparently, to ensure that no hospital has a wage index beneath what is legally required, while still making the changes in wage indexes budget neutral. Page 383, Sec. 3142 - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to conduct a study on costs and payments in urban Medicare-dependent hospitals. Within 9 months of the enactment of the PPACA, the secretary will submit this report to Congress. Page 384, Sec. 3143 - Says that nothing in the PPACA will reduce home health benefits guaranteed in the Social Security Act. The next series of sections is all about Medicare Advantage. For those unaware, Medicare Advantage (also known as Medicare+Choice and Medicare Part C) is an optional Medicare program for those who want to get their insurance through a private provider. However, since it was created, Medicare Advantage costs have ballooned to be over 12% more than costs for comparable services under traditional Medicare ( source ). The following sections, in a few different ways, seek to bring Medicare Advantage costs back in line with normal Medicare costs. The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office estimates that from 2012 to 2021, this will save $507 billion ( source ). Page 384, Sec. 3201 - Firstly, this section has been repealed and replaced after the PPACA was passed by another bill, the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (HCERA). However, the new text has been entered here. It amends another bill, the Social Security Act. It's got a lot of talk about numbers, but the gist of it seems to be that it's going to be lowering the amount paid for Medicare Advantage until the costs are more in line with the costs of normal Medicare. This section seeks to bring those costs back down to something comparable to normal Medicare costs. Page 389, Sec. 3202 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to specify that starting on January 1, 2011, some specific services under Medicare Advantage cannot cost more than those under Medicare Part A and B. This is essentially just additional details on the cost-saving stuff in section 3201. Also a lot of numbers talk regarding Medicare Advantage rebates. Page 391, Sec. 3203 - Another section repealed and replaced by HCERA. The current section alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to make it so that adjustment of costs for Medicare Advantage services continues on a yearly basis (previously it only continued until 2010). Page 392, Sec. 3204 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, so that starting in 2011, for the first 45 days of the year, people enrolled in Medicare Advantage can choose to change their plan to a standard Medicare plan. Page 392, Sec. 3205 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to extend the Medicare Advantage Special Needs Program through 2014, as well as listing a lot of requirements that these plans would need to meet. Page 395, Sec. 3206 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to renew until January 1, 2013 the ability for Medicare recipients to obtain Reasonable Cost Contracts. Page 395, Sec. 3207 - Making some sort of comment noting that the Secretary of Health and Human Services is to extend service area waivers for Medicare Advantage plans for providers who contracted with the Secretary for those waivers prior to October 1, 2009. Page 395, Sec. 3208 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to make permanent senior housing facilities created under a specific demonstration project as of December 31, 2009. Page 396, Sec. 3209 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to clarify that the Secretary of Health and Human Services has the right to reject bids for plans by a Medicare Advantage organization, and bids for plans by a Prescription Drug Plan sponsor, if those plans propose significant increases to costs or reductions to service. Page 396, Sec. 3210 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to request the National Association of Insurance Commissioners to revise standards for supplemental Medicare benefit plans. The next group of sections deals with Medicare Part D, the Medicare Drug Prescription Program Page 397, Sec. 3301 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act. Firstly, it says that starting January 1, 2011, any drug companies wanting to continue to work with Medicare Part D must participate in the Medicare Coverage Gap Discount Program outlined in this section. Secondly, it outlines the actual Medicare Coverage Gap Discount Program, which also starts January 1, 2011. This section addresses the infamous "Donut Hole" in coverage, which plagued Medicare recipients who purchased enough drugs to surpass the prescription drug coverage limit, but not enough to qualify for catastrophic coverage. It does so by making the drug companies that work with Medicare give discounts to those who fall within that gap. Page 405, Sec. 3302 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, so that the low-income benefit for Medicare part is calculated without taking into consideration discounts and rebates received under Medicare Advantage. This way, those getting discounts like that won't be penalized for it when purchasing drugs. Page 405, Sec. 3303 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act. From what I can tell, starting January 1, 2011, it makes it so the Secretary of Health and Human Services can allow a prescription drug plan to charge low-income beneficiaries the low-income subsidy if the plan's premium is more expensive than the low-income subsidy plus a "de minimis" amount. That amount is apparently $2 ( source ). Page 406, Sec. 3304 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act. This section deals with widows and widowers on low-income assistance. Normally, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services check beneficiaries' financial status on a regular basis to make sure they still qualify for low-income programs, and if someone is making too much money in a given timeframe, they may no longer qualify as "low income". However, generally when someone's wife or husband dies, they inherit their significant others' stuff. This section says that that check on beneficiaries' status can not happen within a year of the death of a spouse, so someone isn't dropped from Medicare or Medicaid just because they lost a loved one. This section goes into effect January 1, 2011. Page 406, Sec. 3305 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, so that no later than January 1, 2011, when the Secretary of Health and Human Resources reassigns someone to a different Medicare drug plan (apparently due to a change in their economic status), they are to be informed of the differences between their old plan and the new one, as well as being informed of their right to request a coverage determination, exception, or reconsideration. Page 407, Sec. 3306 - Alters another bill, the Medicare Improvements for Patients and Providers Act of 2008, by designating an additional $15,000,000 be set aside to fund the State Health Insurance Program from 2010 through 2012, an additional $15,000,000 be set aside to fund Aging and Disability Resource Centers from 2010 through 2012, an additional $5,000,000 be set aside to fund a contract with the National Center for Benefits and Outreach Enrollment from 2010 through 2012. The Secretary of Health and Human Services can request support from the entities funded by this section for wellness and disease prevention outreach programs. Page 408, Sec. 3307 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act. As I understand it, starting in 2011, Medicate Advantage insurance companies must include coverage for specific categories of drugs designated by the Secretary of Health and Human Services. Until the secretary designates which drugs are to be covered, these categories are to include anticonvulsants, antidepressants, antineoplastics, antipsychotics, antiretrovirals, and immunosuppressants for the treatment of transplant rejection. Page 409, Sec. 3308 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act. From what I can tell, starting on January 1, 2011, if you make over $80,000 ($160,000 for couples filing taxes jointly), your Medicare Part D monthly costs will increase in a fashion similar to Medicare Part B. This amount will be taken out of your social security. Page 412, Sec. 3309 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act so that on a date no earlier than January 1, 2012, if you're eligible for both Medicare and Medicaid, and receiving home or community-based services instead of going to a hospital, you can't also qualify for cost-sharing under Medicare Part D. From what I can tell, this is because they can most likely get cost-sharing by other means. Page 412, Sec. 3310 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, so that starting on January 1, 2012, drug plans for patients in long-term care facilities must be more efficiently managed and drugs given to patients must be dispensed in a more efficient manner, using uniform dispensing techniques, to reduce waste. Page 413, Sec. 3311 - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to create and maintain a complaint system, to be made available on Medicare.gov, and the Secretary shall report yearly to Congress on this system. It looks like this is the page for complaints. Page 413, Sec. 3312 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to make a standard and uniform appeals process for those who feel their claim should not have been denied. This is to happen by January 1, 2012. Page 414, Sec. 3313 - Directs the Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services to conduct a study about the type of drugs used by those in Medicare Advantage plans, which the Secretary of Health and Human Resources is to present to Congress no later than July 1 every year starting in 2011. The Inspector General is also to conduct a study on the 200 most frequently-used Medicare Part D drugs and their pricing under both normal Medicare and Medicare Advantage. That report is to be given to Congress no later than October 1, 2011. Page 415, Sec. 3314 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act. This one is hard to parse, but from what I can tell, it makes it so that starting on January 1, 2011, drugs paid by AIDS drug programs and Indian Health Services count towards calculations for determining qualification for Medicare Part D catastrophic care. I imagine that this is because someone with AIDS definitely needs catastrophic care. Not sure what Indian Health Services has to do with anything, though. Page 416, Sec. 3315 - This section was repealed by another bill, HCERA. However, it replaces it with similar text, which is mirrored here. It alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to give a $250 rebate to Medicare recipients who fall into that "donut hole" that I mentioned above in Section 3301. It's only in effect for 2010. Page 417, Sec. 3401 - This section alters another bill, the Social Security Act. It reduces the increases in payments that many various types of medical facilities and services were going to be getting through Medicare, undoubtedly to keep down Medicare's ballooning costs. For some of these services, it reduces those increases gradually, starting at a quarter of a percent less than what those payment increases were going to be, gradually going up to three-quarters of a percent less than what the payment increases were going to be. For some, it reduces increases in payments based on a productivity assessment (which, from what I can tell, is based primarily on what operating costs are). For some, it reduces the increases in payments by a flat amount. And for some, it reduces the increases in payment using some combination of those three methods. It bears note that this is undoubtedly what some alarmists believe is a reduction in Medicare services, but none of these reduce Medicare payments below what they are now, they only slow down the speed at which Medicare costs are rising, and it seems like it's largely trying to keep payments close to the actual costs needed by these facilities and services. Page 426, Sec. 3402 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to say that from January 1, 2011 through December 31, 2019, "income thresholds" (if you earn more than that amount a year, you're considered high-income) for Medicare Part B will be frozen at their 2010 levels, rather than being tied to inflation like they previously had been. Looking around, apparently those thresholds are currently at $85,000 if you're single and $170,000 if you're filing taxes jointly. Freezing the thresholds means they'll stay at those dollar amounts instead of rising with inflation. Page 426, Sec. 3403 - Alters another bill, the Social Security Act, to create the Independent Medicare Advisory Board. This is one of the sections that brought up talk of "death panels!", but the truth is it's pretty benign. The board is to be comprised of 15 experts (who cannot hold any other employment while they are part of the board, so there's no conflict of interest) who are appointed by the President with the advice and consent of the Senate, as well as the Secretary of Health and Human Services, the Administrator of the Center for Medicare & Medicaid Services, and the Administrator of the Health Resources and Services Administration, who will be nonvoting members. The presidential appointees serve 6-year nonconsecutive terms. The board's purpose is to reduce Medicare spending per person by submitting proposals to be enacted by the Secretary unless Congress says otherwise. These proposals must cut costs, must not ration health care, and must not increase costs to Medicare recipients, must not cut Medicare benefits, and must not modify eligibility criteria. In addition, until 2019, these proposals must not reduce payments for hospitals and services (probably because the ACA already does some of that). It can cut payments for administrative expenses. The board is also to try and make its proposals increase Medicare solvency, improve quality of care, improve access to services, and reduce spending in areas with excess growth in costs, while also taking into consideration the needs of care providers. Before these proposals go to the Secretary, they are to be reviewed by the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission. Then the Secretary reviews them, and then they are brought to Congress. Starting in 2014, these proposals are to be brought to both houses of Congress and the President by January 15 each year. The President will review this proposal for two days before bringing his own proposal to Congress. A few different committees in Congress are to review this proposal and report back to Congress on it by April 1. Congress is not allowed to make another bill to repeal or alter congressional consideration, although the Senate may waive Congressional consideration by use of a three-fifths vote that's subject to appeal. This section goes into all sorts of Congressional rules for how the proposal is to be considered before deciding whether to pass it. Anyway, Congress votes on whether to pass it, and the President may choose to veto it if it is passed (like any other bill). If the proposal passes, it is to be implemented by August 15. Additionally, in 2017, Congress can vote on whether to discontinue the board. If the board didn't create a proposal in a given year, it is still to report to Congress on matters relating to Medicare, and every year regardless it is to create a public report as well. They are also to do a yearly advisory report on recommendations for ways to improve health care outside of Medicare. Page 448, Sec. 3501 - Alters another bill, the Public Health Service Act, to add the next section. Page 448, Sec. 933 - Okay, I've had a damn difficult time trying to find the actual text of the Public Health Service Act. Everything I come up with doesn't seem to fit the text that this bill is inserting into it. This section directs the Director of the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality to research, create, and to put into practice quality improvement practices and create training for those practices, and to and to this end it directs the Director to establish The Center for Quality Improvement and Patient Safety of AHRQ. This section sets aside $20,000,000 for 2010 though 2014 to be put towards carrying out this section. Page 452, Sec. 934 - Directs the Director of the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality to give out grants to health providers that need financial help meeting the quality improvement measures mentioned in section 933. Recipients of these grants need to match every $5 of funds they receive with $1 of their own. Page 454, Sec. 3502 - Directs the Secretary of Health and human Services to establish a program to provide grants for community-based "health teams" to support primary care providers. It looks like this is creating a community-based support system of professionals so primary care doctors have specialists to refer patients to. These "health teams" need to have a plan to be self-sustaining within three years. Page 457, Sec. 3503 - Alters another bill, the Public Health Service Act, to add the next section. Page 457, Sec. 935 - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Resources to establish a program no later than May 1, 2010, to provide grants to implement medication management services for the treatment of chronic diseases. Page 459, Sec. 3504 - Alters another bill, the Public Health Service Act, to change the wording of a few parts and add the following section. Page 459, Sec. 1204 - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Resources to award at least 4 multi-year contracts to states that support pilot projects to test innovative new ways to do regional emergency care. States have to match every $3 of funds they receive with $1 of their own. Within 90 days of completing a pilot project, states are to report to the Secretary about it. This section also adds the following section. Page 462, Sec. 498D - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Resources to support research of various government agencies in emergency medical care systems and emergency medicine. Page 463, Sec. 3505 - Alters another bill, the Public Health Service Act, to direct the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish 3 programs to award grants to Indian health facilities. The Secretary may also award grants to certain low-income trauma centers. It goes into detail as to what sort of trauma centers can get the grants and what sort of grants they can get. It also further alters the Public Health Service Act by adding the following section. Page 466, Sec. 1245 - Sets aside $100,000,000 to pay for the previous section in 2009, and "such sums as may be necessary" from 2010 through 2015. It also further alters the Public Health Service Act by adding the following section. Page 467, Sec. 1246 - Clarifies what "uncompensated care costs" means. It also further alters the Public Health Service Act by adding the following section. Page 467, Sec. 1281 - Allows states to award grants to create or strengthen trauma centers. Page 469, Sec. 1282 - Sets aside $600,000,000 to pay for the previous section in 2010 though 2015. Page 469, Sec. 3506 - Alters another bill, the Public Health Service Act, to add the following section. Page 469, Sec. 936 - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to create a program to provide grants for the development of "Patient Decision Aids", materials to help patients and doctors to better know what their options are when there is a choice regarding different forms of treatment. These materials are to be made freely available. Page 472, Sec. 3507 - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to conduct a study to determine whether health care decision-making would be improved by standardizing the way drug information is presented on prescription drugs. This study is to be done by 2011, and if it is determined that it would be improved, within 3 years the Secretary is to create regulation to enact that standardization. Page 472, Sec. 3508 - Directs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to award grants for demonstration projects to medical schools that incorporate quality improvement and patient safety into their curriculum. Schools can submit proposals and, the Secretary decides if it's worth trying, and the school tracks data on the new curriculum's results. For every $5 of grant money a school gets for this, the school must contribute $1 themselves. By 2012, the Secretary is to start submitting a yearly report to Congress on what demonstration projects are underway and how well they're doing. (Once more, I've hit the word count limit - 40,000 for those wondering. Go on to Part 4)Simply wanted to say that I read your first explanation just yesterday evening, and it was the most useful primer on public policy I can remember. Thanks from Western AustraliaNow someone needs to do the same for our fixed carbon pricing moving into an ETS.This is awesome. My mom keeps bringing up something about all of this. She apparently heard somewhere (but somehow can't tell me what websites she read it on and I haven't been able to find it) that this would "let people over 80 not get any medical treatment if they're diagnosed with a terminal illness." Something like that. I'm going to visit over Thanksgiving. I'd love to have a proper explanation prepared for her.
If reddit has so many viewers, why are the votes so small. Serious question.Can I add a corollary question to this: is the system designed to bring down exceptionally highly-rated posts after some time, or does this happen naturally (IE people changing their votes from upvotes to either downvotes or neutral)? For example, when Steve Jobs died, the highest rated post reporting that had at one point that I saw, 7000ish points, and I don't even know if that was the peak. Now it has about 3200. Is that from people getting tired of seeing it and downvoting it to get rid of it, or an auto balancing system?How the reddit algorithms work. So yes, stories sink in the rankings as time passes.The vote-fuzzing system plays a role here. I was under the impression that the shown vote total is a complicated projection of the popularity of the post. As in, if something garners massive upvotes almost instantly (eg. Jobs), the system expects it to go nuclear. Once the voting levels out after an hour or two of being visible, a more reasonable figure is given. This happens constantly with highly upvoted posts that are very, very new. When I first saw the "Cartman" post in /pics the other day it was just over an hour old, and my browser told me that it had a score of over 4,400. I checked later and it was back in the 2,000s. I think if a huge influx of people vote right away, it confuses the vote-fuzzing mechanism causing it to show an incorrect, overconfident number. Posts like that just simply can't keep pace with they had originally.
It seems that the region of Europe was much quicker to develop, and that led to European settling and eventually using the resources on the land they settled in to much more efficient ways than the natives. Lumber for ships, industrial diamonds for machinery, how did the European regions develop so much faster than other regions.Pretty much the same question came up a while back. http://www.reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/xji30/why_were_african_australian_and_native_american/ The book 'Guns, germs and steel' as pointed out in the thread is basically written based on your question. It makes some interesting points but is quite a dry read and there is some debate (as there always will be in these sort of areas) to how accurate it is.As a quick TL:DNR on 'Guns, germs and steel' the reasons given are: Europeans and Asians had access to the best domestic crops and animals (due to the fertile crescent), thus had to spend less time farming and could spend more time inventing. Living in close proximity to domestic animals exposed Europeans to more diseases so they built up more disease resistance, which other native cultures had no resistance to. The geography of Eurasia made trade and exchange of culture/ideas easier, so first ideas like language written language and then technological developments like gunpowder spread across the continent quickly.
Why am I sleepier when I sleep like 7-10 hours as opposed to when I sleep 1-4 hours? When I have 1-4 hours of sleep and then wake up I usually wake pretty quickly and will last through the day but when I get 7-10+ hours and don't wake up by myself (meaning just can't sleep anymore) I feel really groggy the whole day and start zoning out and getting really sleepy.Sleep can be very dehydrating. (More-so if you have a higher metabolism) If you sleep for a very long time, you can become very dehydrated and feel far more groggy as a direct result. Drinking water will often work better than coffee for clearing your head and waking you up. Many people are either dehydrated when they go to bed or do not sufficiently hydrate during the day. This compounds the issue. Try to be hydrated when you go to bed and if you wake up during the night (or your rest period) keep a bottle of water handy and take a quick sip or two before returning to sleep. This will help prevent you from being groggy afterwards. _^...but you will need to pee, but you wont want to get up and then you'll tell yourself you dont need to pee and lying there trying to get back to sleep needing to pee....this is most nights for me.This seems far more likely an explanation than the leading response about REM sleep/cycles.
What determines the fine meted out towards those who pirate music and why is it so ridiculously large? EDIT: whoa my inbox just got consensually gangbanged. First time that ever happened, thanks guys! EDIT 2: Yeah that might have been inconsiderate. Apologies, remedied for political correctness.It starts when someone gets a letter from the post office or an email called a cease-and-desist. When you get one of those, it usually means you have been caught doing something bad. That doesn't mean the police want to arrest you or you are going to get thrown in jail with the bad guys, it just means they caught you, kinda like when you get caught with your hand in the cookie jar after you father tells you to stop eating cookies before dinner. Well, if you ignore your father and keep sneaking cookies and he keeps warning you, eventually you'll get a spanking, right? It's just like that. If a person who pirates gets a cease and desist and then keep doing it after multiple warnings, it looks bad in the eyes of the jury because it looks like you don't care about the law even after all those warnings. So the fine was set really high as a way to punish this person to stop ignoring the law and to warn other people who ignore the law that if they get a warning, they should really stop. Now, I know your father and I have talked to you about right or wrong and that doesn't mean the law is always right or wrong... but if you repeatedly ignore warnings from the law without talking to the right people, you'll probably get in a lot of trouble.
Owls, bears, boars and all that make sense because Europeans would see them all the time. I've never heard of lions indigenous to Europe, and yet lions are everywhere when you look at European heraldry. How come?Lions USED to be native to Europe. They are extinct in Europe now, but there were lions in ancient Greece.They were native a long, long, long ass time ago. At the very least 400 years before the Middle Ages began, and I would guess closer to 700 years before.modern europeans largely have a greek/roman lineage, to some degree (at least culturally). romans had lions. Lions are depicted in the bible. Lions territory used to be quite large as well, living in southern europe.Rewritten LI5: People in Europe sometimes think of themselves as coming from ancient Greeks and Romans. Not all Europeans actually do but in some ways their culture like books and things does come from Greeks and Romans. Until recently lots of school children in Europe learned Greek and Latin (Romans spoke Latin).
[deleted]This post has been made thousands of times. "This isn't r/answers blah blah blah." If nothing has changed the first hundred of times then I doubt this post will make any difference. Search in ELI5 for "r/answers" and you will see how many times this has been said.this is meta as fuck.Yep. The main reason many online community standards (such as redditquette) don't work is because most people don't know about it, it's hard to tell everyone about it, and there's no incentive to follow by them. No amount of reminding people is going to curb the problem. At least I've never seen it done. You need moderation to make a difference.Oh is it time for the bi-monthly complain about the state of ELI5? Not to be jaded, but this comes up all the time. I think the community has decided by now that turning this into a ELI15 is more realistic, as most people are intelligent enough to comprehend simple explanations. The ELI5 explanations died out pretty soon because often metaphors are more confusing than stating the facts.
From this link:http://sciencefocus.com/qa/why-do-we-cover-our-mouths-when-shocked "When you’re truly shocked, you don’t cover your mouth; you just scream. Covering your mouth seems to be a secondary reaction, when you’re trying to moderate your initial response. That might be because you have realized there’s no danger or because you don’t want to alarm those around you. It probably evolved to avoid spreading unnecessary panic in groups."I've just realized this is true because I've never covered my mouth after seeing a bug or spider near me. I just scream, jump 5 feet in the air and run away. Another member of my tribe is then alerted to the threat and kills the intruder.Vocalization in chimpanzees is involuntary, like human laughter or sobbing. Jane Goodall reported that she once gave a stash of fruits to a chimpanzee when it was a short distance away from the group. When it found the fruits, it shrieked with excitement, buy the hastily covered its own mouth, not wanting others to come and share the find.
Why/how do they keep them unoccupied? I mean there lot's of space people could move right in, what is preventing them?The government has lots of money and building things creates lots of jobs as well as drives many other sectors. The houses ARE sold, I know they are empty but it's becauset eh people buying them are investing in one of the only real "safe" (debatable) investment opportunity they have, real estate. So they buy these houses with the hope that the price will go up as the area gets more developed. The government is selling everyone on this idea by saying that there are still hundreds of millions of people in the country without houses who want to move to the city and it's true except no one is mentioning that most of them don't have the money to buy these houses and instead it's mostly the middle class who is buying second and third houses for investment or to rent out. This all seems like a VERY terrible idea until you realize a couple things, first off these houses are being bought with cash a lot of the time. Chinese have been saving very well for a long time and they are now spending, so if the markets crash the government is hoping it wont take down too much, it will just lower the amount of savings people have, not good of course but nothing like what happened to the USA. Secondly, The country needs this building to continue so that the construction market doesn't crash as huge numbers of the impoverished have jobs in this sector and if it crashes these people all lose their jobs and there goes the countries stability ast hey'll have tens if not hundreds of millions of people out of work over night.
A number of people have asked questions on ELI5 related to how stocks and stock market work. Here goes: ** Part One : Stocks ** First, let's imagine that down the street there is a toy store. Mr. Jones owns the toy store, and he has owned it for the last ten years. The toy store is a company which sells toys and all the kids love to get toys from Mr. Jones' toy store. Let's suppose we wanted to buy Mr. Jones' toy store from him so that all of the kids would buy toys from us instead. Would we be able to buy it for a dollar? No, of course not. It is worth a lot more than that. How about ten dollars? A hundred dollars? Well, how exactly would we find out how much we need to pay in order to buy Mr. Jones' toy store? The most important thing to consider is simply how much money is the toy store making. If the toy store is making $100 every day, that means it is making roughly $3,000 (30 days of $100) every month, or $36,000 every year (12 months of $3,000). Let's suppose we are able to figure that the toy store should be able to keep making this much for the next ten years. Then we could consider that the entire toy store is worth $360,000 (which is $36,000 for ten years). Now, in practice this is a lot more complicated. But the basic principle is simply to figure out how much money a company can be expected to make in a certain time frame. Fortunately, we don't have to figure it out ourselves. There are big companies whose job is to figure out how much other companies are worth, and they do all of the hard work for us. They will tell us just how much Mr. Jones' toy store is really worth, and then we can decide to buy it or not. So, let's consider that the toy store is worth $360,000. If we want to buy it (and if he is willing to sell it), we can pay Mr. Jones that much money and now the toy store is ours! Now, this is all well and good if we have $360,000 and we want to own the entire company. But let's suppose we only have half that much, we have $180,000. What can we do now? Well, as long as Mr. Jones is willing, we can buy half of his company instead of the whole thing. This means that we will own 50% or half of the company, and he will own the other half. That means that instead of all of the money from selling toys going to Mr. Jones, half will go to him and the other half to us. Another way of saying that we own 50% of the company is to say that we own 50% of the stock in a company. When a company is set up in a way that you can buy pieces of it, those pieces are called stock. There are two ways to think about stock: percentages, and shares. What we just talked about are percentages. We can buy 50% of the shares in Mr. Jones' toy company for $180,000. Similarly, we could buy 10% of the shares in Mr. Jones' toy company for $36,000 (assuming the total value of the company was $360,000), or we could buy 1% of the shares for $3,600, and so on. When you hear people talk about stocks, you will hear them talk about shares of stock. What exactly does this mean? Well, let's imagine that Mr. Jones has a lot of people who want to buy a piece of his company. What he can do is say "Hey everyone, I have 100 different pieces of my company for sale." In this example, there are 100 total pieces he has for sale, each one being worth 1% of the stock. To buy all 100 pieces would cost you $360,000 and this would mean you own the entire company. This would mean that whenever the company makes money, you get all of the money. But let's suppose we only have $3,600 to use. This means all we can afford is one piece of his company, but that one piece is worth 1% which means that every time the company makes a hundred dollars, we will get one dollar. So in this example, Mr. Jones' looks at the situation and realizes it is very hard to find people to buy pieces of his company, because each piece costs $3,600 which is a lot of money. So he decides rather than just have 100 pieces, or shares, he is going to have a thousand pieces! Now it takes ten shares to have 1% of the company, but each share is only $360. That is a lot more affordable. He could even decide to make 10,000 shares which means that you could buy a share for only $36. So this is the basic concept. Companies cut their value into pieces, or shares, and then sell the shares to people who will buy them. The people who buy shares are called "investors" and the act of buying a share is called "investing". This means that they are buying shares in a company because they think that eventually they will make back more than what they paid, because they are getting a piece of all of the money that the company makes. When a company is enormous, worth billions of dollars, even a thousand shares is simply not enough. They need to have many, many shares in order to make sure that shares are affordable. Some companies have millions of shares of stock. Now, we have covered one aspect of what it means to own stock in a company. You are able to keep some of the money the company makes, based on how many shares you own. But when you own part of a company, you don't just get some of the money it makes. You also get to make decisions. Everyone who has shares in a company has the right to vote for what the company will do next. The amount of voting power you have is equal to the percentage of shares you have. Imagine that a company is owned by three people: Billy, Melissa, and James. Imagine that Billy owns 40% of the total shares, and that Melissa and James each own 30%, which is less than what Billy owns. Let's suppose that the toy company is trying to decide whether to sell a certain toy. Billy thinks it is a good idea, but Melissa and James think it is a bad idea. Well, even though Billy has more shares of stock in the company, and more voting power, he will still be out voted by both Melissa and James. This is because together Melissa and James have 60% compared to Billy's 40%. When a company has a lot of share holders (people who own stock in the company), they will have meetings called shareholder meetings. In these meetings, everyone gets to vote based on the shares they own. The company will do whatever the prevailing vote decides. So then, this brings up a question. What if there are a lot of people who own shares, but one of them owns more than half of all the shares? Would that person be able to out-vote everyone else, no matter how many other people there are? The answer is yes. If a single person owns more than half of all the shares, then they have what is called "controlling interest" in the company. This means that they can decide anything for the company and outvote everyone else. ** Part Two : The Stock Market ** So by now you should have a pretty good idea of what stock is. Now let's imagine that there is also a video game company owned by Mr. Smith. Now, Mr. Smith's company is doing a lot better than Mr. Jones'. We had said that Mr. Jones' company is worth $360,000 based on how much it is expected to make over ten years, but Mr. Smith's is worth twice that! His video game company is worth $720,000. Let's imagine that Mr. Jones' company has 100 total shares of stock, each valued at $3,600 per share. Let's also imagine that Mr. Smith's company also has 100 total shares of stock, each valued at $7,200 per share. This means that if we had $7,200 we could choose to either buy two shares in Mr. Jones' toy company, or one share in Mr. Smith's video game company. Let's suppose that we already own two shares of stock in Mr. Jones' toy company. Our two shares are worth $7,200 which is enough to buy one share of stock in Mr. Smith's company. We looked at both companies, and we decided that Mr. Smith's company seems like it is doing the best, so we decide to sell our two shares in Mr. Jones' toy company, and buy one share of stock in Mr. Smith's company. And this is the basics of stock trading. Now here is where things get interesting. How much a company is really worth changes constantly. Mr. Jones' company has been making $100 every day for ten years, but all of last year his company was only making $50 per day! Is it still worth $360,000 ? Maybe it is losing value, or maybe it is just going through a rough period. If we owned stock in the company, we would have to decide which it is. If we decide the company is losing value, then we will probably want to sell our stocks and buy stocks in a company that is doing better. There are a lot of reasons to assume that a company is doing better, or worse. We might have heard a rumor that Mr. Jones' toy company, even though it has only been making $50/day is about to start selling a really, really cool toy. We say "Wow, if he sells that toy lots of kids will buy it!" and so we decide to buy a lot of stock because we think that the stock is actually worth more than Mr. Jones says. Similarly, we might have heard a rumor that an even better toy company is going to be opening up a store right next door to Mr. Jones' toy store. In this case, we might say "Oh no, we have a lot of shares of stock in Mr. Jones' toy company, and we better sell it fast! If we don't, we will lose money because the kids will all shop at the new toy store instead." You can see that emotion plays a big role in this. Now let's imagine that instead of two companies (Mr. Jones' Toy Company, and Mr. Smith's Video Game Company), there are hundreds of companies. Let's also imagine there are thousands of people all trading stock in each company at the same time. Now you have what is called a stock exchange. If you take the value of all of the companies and add them together, and then divide that by the total number of companies in your stock exchange, you get an average that you can track over time to see how well on average all of the companies are doing. Let's suppose that all of the companies combined are worth a million dollars, and that there are only ten total companies in the stock exchange. Then we would say that the average value is a million divided by ten which is $100,000. Remember though that how much companies are worth changes over time, so the very next day it might turn out that all ten companies combined are now worth two million dollars, which means our average is now $200,000. If we keep track of this average over time, we can create a graph. We can watch this graph to get a good feel for how the companies in the stock exchange are doing. This can also help us decide whether or not investing in more companies is a good idea, or a bad idea. There you have it, the basics of stocks and the stock market. I hope you enjoyed it.now someone needs to explain futures, options and derivatives edit: Also one thing I am not sure about is what someone with a controlling interest can decide versus the board and CEO. I know the board is appointed ?by who? and the CEO is elected by the owners who can pick themselves? like Rupert Murdoch, right? I am thinking Carl Icahn deciding things when he owned stuff, but you hear of stock holder protests when a CEO does something they don't like???I can't do very much to explain how these things work in real life, but I can give a shot at what they are. Derivatives are anything that is based on the underlying price of a stock/commodity. Futures: Let's Joe owns a really big lemonade stand. He knows that next summer, in July, he's going to need a lot of lemons. He's trying to plan his finances for next year, and it's hard to do that when he doesn't know how much lemons will cost. In order to give himself some stability, he enters into a futures contract for all the lemons he needs. Lets say that lemons right now cost $2/lb, but usually lemons are a little bit more expensive in June than they are in August. He agrees to buy 100 pounds of lemons for $2.25/lb next June. When June rolls around, it turns out that lemons are actually selling for $2.50/lb, so Joe essentially made money by agreeing to buy them for $2.25/lb. Note that if lemons had been selling for $2/lb, then Joe would have lost money by entering into the contract.
I feel like I have a better chance playing the lotto if my PC bluescreens and I click that button, or if a program crashes and I click that button.It has a pretty limited range of solutions it can find. Drivers needing updated, is the one I get sometimes. Bad compatibility. It's like... your foot hurts. And you go to the shoe place to say "why does my foot hurt?" They can only tell you that it is or isn't a problem with your shoes. And sometimes they can say "oh you have a rock in your shoe" or "your shoes are too small", but if the problem is that you got a splinter, or your brother stepped on your foot, they can't see that. They only know shoes.Then I guess the question becomes 'why does Windows come with a shoe store salesman instead of a doctor?'No one else has said it yet, so here goes. That was a beautiful ELI5 answer!Addendum from someone who makes a living running Windows servers: There are a more things that can go wrong with Windows than can go wrong with your foot, and I"ll stand behind that statement until a podiatrist/sysadmin hybrid proves me wrong.
I'm just wondering what makes this rover unique from past Mars Rovers. I would assume it has more high-tech data gathering abilities, but scientists make it seem like its something revolutionary. Please enlighten me, thanks. edit: Wow, thanks for the awesome answers everyone, Neil would be proud.It's quite a bit larger - ~2000lbs vs ~400lbs for the previous rovers, Spirit and Opportunity. It has several times the scientific instrument payload that Spirit and Opportunity carried (something like 140lbs vs 20lbs I believe) The rover's landing was the coolest thing ever. It was the first time anything like this has been tried, and it worked!That landing is fucking incredible. Essentially you have a independent spacecraft locate a landing position on a foreign PLANET, and execute a very complex sequence of coordinated deceleration processes to end up at that point. I can't even fathom how amazing that is. A SUV sized craft just got sent from Earth to Mars. Right down the exact position. man.\3. The rover's landing was the coolest thing ever. It was the first time anything like this has been tried, and it worked!
[deleted]It's hard to point the finger at 535 people, so the President gets the blame for most of it when it goes wrong, and on the flip side, he gets the praise when something goes right, even though in all cases he needs to work with Congress. His actual power is often inflated by the media. There's also a well documented phenomenon showing that most Americans approve of their own congressmen and congresswomen, even if they don't approve of congress as a whole. There's an attitude of "Congress is terrible, but not our guy. Our guy is pretty good" that is held all across the country. Most congressional representatives have a fairly high approval within their own districts, even when those same constituents have an abysmal approval rating for Congress as a whole.Agreed, especially the second point. No one wants to admit that they elected an idiot into congress, so even if they know nothing about their official's policies, they will still say that he/she "is pretty good" so that they don't seem stupid for voting for them. It's a lovely game of pass the blame.
[deleted]The way a CRT television would show you a picture was by using an electron beam to "draw" lines on the screen which would then glow with the right colour and intensity. To control the movement of the beam from side to side they used a flyback transformer (regular wikipedia link) which would make the TV draw 15734 lines per second for NTSC (the number of images per second * number of lines per image). So what you heard was the vibrations from the flyback transformer doing its work 15734 times a second or at 15.734 KHz. Maybe they could have made it completly silent but I think they didn't think it was worth the trouble since most people weren't bothered by it.Great reply, I've always wondered this. When I was a kid I used to ask adults what the noise was...but none of them could hear it!since most people weren't bothered by it. 15k is actually quite high and people in their 40ys might not even hear it. Sensitivity to high frequencies degrades over time, making this a non-issue for most engineers and customers of the first TV sets.
Your question boils down to "why is the jelly leaking out on the outside edge of my doughnut, and not inside the doughnut hole?" Most animals are basically a doughnut -- the digestive tract is just the doughnut hole. The "inside" of the digestive tract is actually part of the outside -- a tunnel through your body, with a mouth at the top and an anus at the bottom. Feces are the remnants of food and built-up digestive tract bacteria, and they pass straight through the inner tube -- they never really "enter" the body. By contrast, urine is filtered out of the bloodstream, to regulate the balance of salts and toxins inside the body. It has to pass out of the doughnut cake itself -- like jelly filling. We could eject urine through the anus end of the digestive tract -- birds do. It's called a cloaca -- the urinary tract ends inside the digestive tract, leading to a single opening that ejects feces and urine, and acts as the reproductive tract. It probably saves weight, which evolution would select for in flighted birds. But it means the reproductive tract is contaminated with feces, which as I said are full of bacteria. Birds can only mate in season, because their reproductive system has to shut down and be closed off to keep out feces. By contrast, urine is actually sterile in healthy mammals, so running urine through the reproductive tract acts as a crude evolutionary cleaning system.
Imagine the frequency (2.4Ghz) is how many times in a second a CPU can do something. Now imagine a person working in a warehouse. Let's say that person has 8 hours to move things around this warehouse, and the warehouse is a mess. He can't move his forklift around very efficiently, because the aisles are too messy, or perhaps the distance from one spot to another isn't the shortest path. It's similar to how a CPU needs a varying amount of clock cycles to complete a task. Multiplying two numbers may take 3 clock cycles, and doing exponents may take 10. It has to move bits around, much like the warehouse worker is moving pallets around the warehouse. So a computer can also get only so much done in 8 hours as well. Now imagine the warehouse worker calls the building designer and says, "Hey! Can you help me out down here? Make the aisles larger for my forklift, so I can turn easier! Make my shelves higher so I can stack more stuff on top..." And so on. You can now expect this worker to get more accomplished in his 8 hour day. The same is similar for CPUs. The designers find ways to get more accomplished with less clock cycles. Maybe by shortening the paths the electricity takes, or changing the way banks of transistors are arranged to make things more efficient.
If there are so many countries that are in debt that means somewhere a country or person must be making money. Where is the money going?Let's say you bake bread and I have a dairy cow. Every day you and I trade some amount of your bread for some amount of my milk. This is great, until one day you decide you're going to take a break from milk for a couple of days...your orange tree just fruited and you're going to drink orange juice for awhile. I still want bread, though. So I tell you, "Hey, listen, we've been doing business for a long time. If you give me bread like always anyway, then you can let me know anytime and I'll give you some extra milk whenever you want it. You can give it as a gift or whatever." You think that sounds good, so you keep giving me bread, and later when you have your parents visit from out of town, you'll get some extra milk for them. Now, I'm in your debt as soon as you give me the bread, until I give you the milk. I maybe traded the milk you would have normally consumed for something else, plus I have your bread. You're ok with this because you trust that when it comes time for me to make good on giving you extra, I will. Assuming we're both trustworthy, what has really happened here is nothing more than time-shifting the distribution of goods. Instead of an even trade every day, I get a little more than usual now, and you get a little more than usual later. Everything evens out. Every time we do this kind of a deal, we could track how much bread or milk is owed to the other person by using shells. These shells, in this context, are a form of money.
edit: 20th century, not the 21st! Sorry.It's not really a population boom per se but a gradual increase. Population booms are mostly a thing of the past (outside sub-Saharan Africa). Two factors are immigrants and birth rates. The US takes on a lot of immigrants, more than any country on earth, both legal and illegal. They take on a million legal immigrants and an unknown amount of illegal immigrants a year. Canada, it should be noted takes the highest percentage of immigrants. The US has citizenship by birth, so immigrants that come here and have children automatically gain citizenship for them and tend to stay. Generally the rule of thumb is, immigrants come from poorer countries and the birthrate is higher so the women tend to have more children than regular American women. This only lasts one generation as immigrants assimilate very quickly in America, but this is the reason for the increasing population. China is not experiencing a population boom, in fact, China's population is leveling off. You can call it good or bad, but China's birth policies are working. China's birthrate is very low now and by the next decade, India will pass China as the most populated country on earth. A sad side effect is that many little girls that were to be born were aborted, abandoned, given away or killed after birth because of the cultural preference for a "male heir" for a family. This has really messed up the gender ratio in China and there are an estimated 50 million Chinese men who will NEVER marry. That's more men than in all of Germany who will be single for life unless they manage to find brides overseas. At current birth rates, China's population will start to shrink and some estimates have China with 300 million fewer citizens at the end of the century.
Whenever I'm unlucky enough to stumble upon one they're always in that position.Not all of them do. If you're killing them with some sort of pesticide or neurotoxin, like Raid, their dying brains will cause spasms in their muscles. Frequently this will flip the roach over onto its back where it will then spasm uncontrollably and helplessly until brain death is reached. Most of the dead roaches you see are probably poisoned, which would explain why you're finding them that way. Roaches rarely meet their maker in a natural way out in the open; if they were to die naturally, they would probably be already too weak to leave the burrow. Too weak and slowly dying, the roaches dying of old age will most likely be on their bellies. But you'd never see them. To recap: roaches have mini seizures when they're poisoned, flipping them onto their backs. By sampling bias, you probably only see the poisoned ones, and draw the conclusion that dead roaches die on their backs.I don't think I've ever felt as sorry for roaches as I did reading your post...
At first you have to understand, that anytime things are bad economically (like in todays financial crisis), political extremes gather momentum. You can trace this phenomenon back to roman times*. This applies to both ends of the political spectrum, the far right and the far left. The parties which represent those views offer simple solutions to complex problems, like "Throw foreigners out of the country!!" or "We need communism right NOW, fuck the debts to other countries". It's a fundamental part of democracy, that the opposition has the privilege of being loud and throwing accusations around - you are not in charge after all, and you have to convince people that you can do better than the people in charge right now. This is because it's easy to use radical rhetoric, which targets the simple and low educated parts of the population. Those people like simple solutions AND often don't understand the underlying problem. That doesn't mean that those people will get elected and it certainly doesn't mean that they are right/will do a better or good job. *Actually, the society of ancient rome had the same problems as we. Often, even the same political slogans where used.
How did it form? How strictly enforced is it? Is that a dumb question? Is there any movement to abolish it? How suppressed are the "untouchables"? Etc. Thank you.Listen closely, Timmy, today I'm going to tell you a sad story. A very sad story, indeed. Long ago, everyone was a farmer. Sometimes, people got together and decided that they didn't want to have to farm anymore– so they got other people to do it for them. They did this in different ways in different places, but the pattern was the same everywhere. It always involved the rise of a group of people who controlled both the religion and written knowledge of a much bigger group of people. The Sumerian priests of Ancient Mesopotamia, the Catholic Church in Medieval Europe and, of course, the Brahmins of ancient India are all good examples of this. The big difference between the Brahmins and the others mentioned is just in the complexity of the system. You see, Timmy, any system with one group on top is going to have a problem: everybody else is going to want some of that knowledge and power! So, the Brahmins did something really clever, in a really mean way: they divided everybody else into even smaller groups, called varnas. The warriors became Kshatriyas, the merchants Vaishyas, and the poor laborers became the Shudras. Over a long time and lots of space, these varnas split into even smaller groups, called jatis. Eventually there were thousands of different jatis, scattered across all of India. However, the Big Four varnas were still the major templates for the all of these jatis, and almost everywhere the concept behind them was the same: Sure, your caste might not be the "best" or most powerful... But at least you weren't a filthy Shudra, so why change the system?
Because we made them that way! Bananas that grow naturally, in the wild, actually look like this. They're pretty tough to eat, too, much harder and more fibrous -- stringy -- than the bananas in the supermarket. People used to cook them, to soften them up -- eating a raw banana was once like eating a raw potato! When farmers started building banana plantations and growing their own, they deliberately went around and picked wild bananas that were softer, sweeter, and longer than average, and only used those to start their farms. When the plants grew up, the bananas were just a little bit nicer than natural bananas. So they did it again: they threw out any plants they had that produced tough or ugly fruit, and instead, planted seeds from their best, longest, sweetest plants. When their new batch of plants had grown up, they were even better! Then they did it again. They threw out the worst plants, and planted seeds from the best plants to replace them. Every year they did this, until eventually, the only bananas they were making were very soft, tasty, sweet bananas with small seeds and a really long and thin convenient shape. A similar thing happened with carrots. Carrots are normally purple, but Dutch people started liking lighter-coloured carrots about 400 years ago, and they eventually got all the way to orange varieties, which are now the most common.
Basically, how does 3G/4G work? Is there just a magical satellite? I don't understand and wikipedia hurts my brain so...Really, please actually explain it like you would to a 5 year old.That's a pretty broad question. I think it's really 3 questions in one, so I'll try to tackle each one individually. What's the difference between 2G, 3G, and 4G? Imagine there is a deliver service. At the beginning they have a very basic setup of just a few horses that run on small local roads. It can only deliver a small amount of packages a day because of constraints on the delivery center, the amount you can put on your horses, and the 1 lane roads you're stuck using. That's basically 2G or EDGE service. A few years later after government regulators agree that they're doing a good job and will help widen the roads and everyone thinks it's a good time to update the entire delivery centers and buy some trucks. Now everyone have a much larger facility for moving packages/data from point A to point B. There are also new larger trucks that can fit more per load, and the roads are now bigger for everyone to drive more load through. Great! You've got 3G! 3G operates pretty fast but soon everyone and their mom want to send packages so the government says ok, we'll reserve some highway space, some 16-wheeler trucks, and automated systems in delivery centers to get packages moved as quickly as possible. Now you're at 4G speed, you can now move A LOT of data at once.
Movies all seem to take a good few years to go from initial detail to actual release in the cinema, how could it go so wrong, with nobody intervening along the way? (e.g. Jack the Giant Slayer)Imagine if you put 30 hours into an assignment and read it and you realize that it's shit, but you either fail to turn it in and the teacher gives you a big fat zero and writes you up or you turn in your shitty assignment, maybe get a bit of bad rep in the teacher's eyes, and at least get any grade at all (maybe you flunk narrowly or get a bad but passing grade). You can always do a better assignment later on to make your teacher change his or her opinion of you, but if you don't turn it in, you'll have wasted 30 hours, gotten a zero and been written up t the principle, all at the same time. Even simpler, $20,000,000 spent on the movie + $5,000,000 made on the movie from stupid weekend moviegoers who didn't have anything else to watch is a $15,000,000 loss, whereas $20,000,000 spent + $0 due to a no-release means a $20,000,000 straight up loss + you get a reputation for being a guy who can't deliver a finished product.This is pretty much it. I worked on an immense pile of turd of a movie, and never got to see it in the cinema, because it only showed for one week. The entire thing was a fiasco, financed, and re-financed, several times, eventually people missed even getting credits.
This happens to me way too often so I might as well understand what is happening.Your brain has to keep track of a lot of different things at the same time. Part of the brain deals with this "what's going on right now" information. It's way too much information to store long term though. So your brain makes decisions on what gets moved into "I should remember this later" parts of the brain and what just gets thrown away to make room for what's continuing to happen right now. Alcohol messes with the brains ability to move stuff into longer term memory. You drink enough of it and it pretty much shuts down the process all together, which means by the time you recover from your drunken stupor, you brain didn't save any of that information.About 10 years ago (when I was in the middle of a 3 year relapse on Heroin), I remember wanting to get a bit more of a kick out of my undersized deal. I remembered that I had some mogadon that I had gotten for my flatmate (friend was a doctor and I could pretty much get anything) and I decided to pop one. Let me just state at this point that I hate benzos and even though I could have gotten as many as I wanted, they never really did it for me so I had zero tolerance.
[deleted]For pregnancy to occur, first an egg must be fertilized by a sperm. The egg has to be mature in order for this to happen. Ovulation refers to the time when the egg is mature and fertilization is possible. After fertilization, in order for pregnancy to occur, the resulting zygote must implant, or get stuck to the uterus. If the zygote doesn't get stuck to the uterus, the zygote is washed out from the system. (If the zygote gets stuck in the wrong place, that's an ectopic pregnancy, but that's another matter.) What Plan B does is prevent ovulation. It has not been shown to prevent implantation. There is not sufficient evidence to tell if Plan B impacts sperm to prevent fertilization. How does Plan B prevent ovulation? Plan B is a synthetic form of the hormone progesterone. As ovulation occurs, progesterone in the blood rises dramatically. Taking progesterone "tricks" the body into thinking that ovulation has already occurred, and the actual process of egg maturation stops. Source: http://www.contraceptionjournal.org/article/S0010-7824(10)00321-5/abstract It's important to know that Plan B is the common name for levonorgestrel. It is not the same thing as RU-486, another form of emergency contraception. Plan B is used to prevent pregnancy when taken up to 5 days after intercourse by preventing ovulation. RU-486 is an abortifacient that can terminate pregnancies within the first 49 days.
It is considered an ethnicity because the development of the Jewish religion occurred among a specific group of people, and so as the religion grew, so did the ethnicity associated with the religion. The Jewish ethnicity is defined, therefore, partially by ancestry and partially by religion. The Jewish community also stayed closed off to matches not within the community, preserving their ethnical integrity. That is, until the modern day, where one can be an ethnic Jew, a religious Jew, or both.Fun fact: That's why ashkenazi Jews get genetic testing done for Tay-Sachs when they want to marry a fellow ashkenazi.In ancient Jewish law, a woman who married a gentile was expelled from the Jewish community i.e. the offspring were gentiles. This also helped to preserve the "purity" of the Jewish ethnicity. In more modern times, many groups (Russians, Muslims, etc.) themselves wouldn't intermarry, so the Jewish community was forced to keep to itself. Even today there are two "ethnicities" of Jews, Sephardic and Ashkenazi.
[deleted]The way fire behaves is based on two main things on Earth: gravity, and the atmosphere (air). This is evident if you see a flame in zero gravity. It's really cool, it doesn't move at all. So, back to the topic at hand: the fire wiggling is because of two things: Gravity pulls the heavy (usually liquid, as is the wax in a burning candle) fuel towards the ground. However as it burns, it undergoes a reaction and becomes mostly gas, and emits light that we see as flame. Since the gas is lighter than the liquid, and the surrounding air since it's very hot, it rises up, giving flames the tall pointed appearance they have. The air is constantly moving around, even in tiny areas, and this moves the flame around as it rises. This causes the constantly moving, random, "dance of flame". This is all moot for jet flames though, since they're pressurized in a particular direction, and unless the wind is STRONG they don't "dance". This post is more LI5 (since the OP mentioned it's her actual 5-year-old) than usual so I skip a lot of science about it, but that's basically why flames "dance" or wiggle. DrakenKor is correct about the heterogeneity of the fuel source being a big factor for say wood fires vs. candle flames, but I stuck specifically with candles (which do "dance" in most cases) for simplicity for an actual 5-year-old.
To the brave soul who can explain the show LOST to me (Starting around the confrontation of the others) will get a reward from me. PM me to discuss the terms of your reward. Please help me EDIT: What happened to John Locke!!! EDIT 2: Thank you very much! DifferentCeilings has done a great job of explaining, as well as the video of the English Gentleman explaining it!Spoilers abound! LOST is a show about a group of people who crash on an island, a remarkable and special island. See, the island is a mystical and magical place that is searched for and intentionally hidden by many different groups of people throughout time. But why is the island so special? The details are alluded to but never directly announced, all we know is the island acts as a cork that seals in an unforeseen force. Jacob is the protector of the island along with his brother who is referred to as "The Man In Black," however, his brother wants off the island, while Jacob chooses to stay and protect the island. Again, never explained but announced is the idea that The Man in Black cannot directly kill Jacob, so he must have someone else do his dirty work for him. For over 2000 years Jacob and The Man in Black play a game where MIB brings people to the island to fuck with Jacob and attempt to kill him. Jacob always outsmarts MIB and thus continues their eternal struggle. So MIB lays out a long term plan in which he will bring multiple people to the island over thousands of years acting as a multilayered plan to kill Jacob. However, Jacob always has loyalist to his cause known as The Others, who are lead by different men throughout history, Lets move to the 1970's! Using modern science, a group of researchers locate the island and set up a settlement there. Doing science shit they sort of fuck up and drill into an electric magnet hotspot, releasing a massive amount of radiation that has to be contained and maintained every 108 minutes. A few years later, some asshole kid with daddy issues decides to join up with the others and kill all of these scientists using chemical weapons.
If I turn on speaker option, how does the voice of my called coming out of my speaker not become input to my mic thus causing echo to my caller?There could be a very good algorithm applied, to recognize time delays and "subtract" the audio coming from the speakerphone so perfectly that the microphone only picks up what's in the room. But it's not done this way. The sound delay between the speaker and microphone is easy to compute, but the echos off the walls (of varying distances) is so much more complicated that the phone doesn't have the computing power to do it. So, the solution that is used today is a simple one: as the volume coming out of the speaker gets louder, the microphone volume gets turned down. After a short delay (about 0.1 seconds, to let echos settle down), the microphone is unmuted. This is why speakerphones never work quite as nicely as handsets - if someone on the other end is talking, the microphone is essentially muted and they won't be able to hear you until they're done talking. The quality of the device depends on how adaptive the speaker-to-microphone muting algorithm is. Too much muting hurts the flow of conversation, not enough muting can cause bad feedback. Some devices are programmed to detect faint hints of feedback and auto-calibrate before the feedback becomes audible. (I am an electronics/firmware/software senior research engineer for medical sensors)
Lately I've been hearing the term used more and more at my university but I'm still confused what exactly it means. Is it a culture that is more permissive towards rape? And if so, what types of things contribute to rape culture?At its core, used to describe the victim-blaming attitude towards rape. If a woman is raped, she was "asking for it", and if a man was raped, he was "weak" or a "sissy" or "enjoyed it". Promoting the ideal of "don't get raped" over "don't rape people". When you hear in response to a rape, "She shouldn't have been drunk/wearing that/etc.", that is what "rape culture" is referring to.This is the most clear, concise, gender balanced explanation I've ever seen, and this: Promoting the ideal of "don't get raped" over "don't rape people". ...is a one line sentence I can use to pass the idea on to others. Yours should really be at the top, given that this is ELI5.I find it bizarre that everyone is taking your one-liner so literally. The phrase "promoting the ideal of 'don't rape people'" doesn't mean it would be better to tell people "Don't rape! Hey man, please don't rape people! Seriously, don't rape; it's bad."
To my untrained ear, pretty much all classical music sounds the same to me. But these 3 are pretty much known to everyone everywhere, whether they listen to classical or not. What makes them better than others of their day? What makes them better than a modern composer like John Williams? Is there a well defined "best" out of the three?As a professor of music I get this question at least once a term. Either they were the first to do something (Beethoven) or they did something so well they became the point of departure (Bach). I'll try to keep theory out of this. Beethoven is seen as the pivotal figure for the change from classical to romantic music. His career follows this line as his early imitated the late classical style but soon morphed into what would be the example of the new romantic music. By the time Bach started writing, his primary style was falling out of fashion. However Bach wrote so well and so much that he became the defining figure for his style- but not until later. In his lifetime Bach was seen as a good musician but more known for his performance and leadership activities. It wasn't until hundred years after his death did people really start to recognize the quality of his music. Mozart is kind of a strange exception. He was not considered the best of his day. He was kind of late to the classical party being preceded by Bach's own children (CPE and JC) and Haydn as well. He also did not live long enough to really push the envelope. His music is of high quality, no doubt, but it was far from the most popular of its time. Yet his music endures due to its accessibility (ease of listening) and partially because of who he was in life.
It's very similar to why some cars cost $8k, and some cost $800k. Not only is there a massive difference in materials used, quality of construction, and design, but some of the price is coming from having a brand name. However, you really do get what you pay for (to an extent). A $50 huffy cruiser will often fall apart after a few dozen miles of riding. During that riding, the bike will feel heavy, unresponsive, and slow. These bikes are created in a factory by a combination of machines, and many different (often careless) workers. Many of the parts are plastic, poorly welded together, or possibly not even put together properly. If you were to spend $600 on a middle of the line road bike from a sporting goods store, you would get a much higher quality product, but one that is still far from the best. This bike would probably be designed more efficiently in terms of geometry, welds will be very high quality machine welds, and parts will be of much higher quality. $600 will get you a pretty decent aluminum or steel bike. If you bump that price up to $2500, new materials start becoming available to you -- namely carbon fiber and titanium. These are extremely light and strong (though most materials are good for different things, really). A bike in this price range will have extreme detail paid to the geometry to give you the most aerodynamic and efficient ride possible.
In historic times, prostitution used to lead to illegitimate children (bastards). Children raised illegitimately were poor or poorly brought up, leading to an increase in crime. Prostitution became associated with the ills of society. Banning it was seen as a solution, and in many places it worked. Wide-spread, affordable, effective birth control is a relatively modern invention, and its effects haven't been fully realized yet.It's a paradox that in historic times, prostitution has been far more widespread than currently (in the West and USA in particular). Sure, it was stigmatized, but in practice tolerated to a greater degree then today.This explanation reminds me a lot of what the Freakanomics guys found out regarding abortion and crime rate in the decades after Roe v. Wade.Yep -- one can also stretch the argument that prostitution can lead to exploitation of women. Obviously that isn't the case for all women, but from a legal efficiency standpoint, banning the practice is easier than allowing for a regulated industry.
First, a point of clarification. The rest of the world has not abandoned it. Norway still actively participates in whaling and so do many inuit tribes in Canada and other northern hemisphere countries. But why does Japan do it: Culture - Some Japanese believe that killing one animal (e.g. a Whale) is more humane than killing thousands of animals (e.g. a school of fish or a ton of shrimp). This somewhat relates to Shintoism and the concept of everything having a "spirit," but again it's more cultural than religious. "Research" - This is a controversial issue, but let me see if I can take an unbiased approach to it. The International Whaling Commission has an exemption for whaling that relates to medical research. So a Japanese organization known as the Institute of Cetacean Research conducts whaling operations under this IWC exemption. However, there is also a law in Japan that states that when a whale is killed no part of the body may be discarded as waste. So the ICR packages the whales (after they have done their research) for consumption/sale back in japan. This is where organizations like Sea Shepherd and Greenpeace argue that Japan is using the clause in the IWC charter to engage in commercial whaling, which should technically be illegal.
This really confuses me. Megabytes seems like it would be more useful information, instead of having to take the time to do the math to convert bits into bytes. Bits per second seems a bit arcane to be a good user-friendly and easily understandable metric to market to consumers.Network speeds were measured in bits per second long before the internet came about Back in the 1970s modems were 300 bits per second. In the 80s there was 10 Mbps Ethernet. In the early 90s there were 2400 bits per second (bps) modems eventually hitting 56 kbps modems. ISDN lines were 64kbps. T1 lines were 1.54 Mbps. As the internet has evolved, the bits per second has remained. It has nothing to do with marketing. I assume it started as bits per second because networks only worry about successful transmission of bits, where as hard drives need full bytes to make sense of the data.It probably had more to do with how in the past a byte was not always 8-bits. It could have been 4-bits, 6-bits, or whatever else a specific computer supported at the time. It would have been confusing to measure data transmission in bytes since it could have different meanings depending on the computer. That's probably also why in data transmissions 8-bits is still referred to as an octet rather than a byte.
Did we even invite them? The famous cartoon by Franklin doesn't seem to consider Canada.There were a number of reasons. Some like East Florida, West Florida, Newfoundland and Prince Rupert's Land were largely unpopulated. And the population tended to be trappers, whalers, and military men. These tended to be British who were born in the UK and intended to return there. In these areas there were few individuals for the 13 colonies to invite. The others Nova Scotia, St. Johns, and especially Quebec were all invited to the initial congress. And multiple envoys were sent to each throughout the war. Quebec was even invaded multiple times to coerce them into the rebellion. For a variety of reasons these remained loyalist. Namely that the canadiens had been promised religious liberty, and the right to follow French laws and customs and to use the French language. And the anglos, were mostly far more recent immigrants who considered themselves English, not Americans.St. Johns Saint John - St. John's is in Newfoundland.
I can't be the only one...Rather than just link to a wikipedia article (cough cough) I'll give this one a shot. Well, little Timmy, just like you have muscles in your arms and legs to move you around, you have two muscles inside your ear! But these two muscles don't move anything you can see. The muscles in your ear can actually block sounds and make them seem quieter to you. For example, when you hear a really loud sound, they will tense up to help make the sound seem quieter. This helps protect the insides of your ears when your sister sneaks up on you and screams as loud as she can. Those muscles stretch tight, and that's why you have trouble hearing out of that ear for a few seconds after. The muscle that makes your ears rumble is called the tensor tympani muscle. Mostly, it makes your chewing sound quieter to you (like when your mom and I tell you to stop crunching your cereal so loud, and you have no idea what we're talking about). Now, why does it make that sound when you flex it? Because all muscles vibrate when you flex them. Make a fist as tight as you can. See your hand shaking? The muscle in your ear does the same thing. And because it's inside your ear, you can hear it vibrate.
The cost of maintaining a datacenter is a lot less than maintaining a nation-wide collection of Redbox machines. Why isn't it possible to stream new releases for $1 yet?It's a legal issue. Streaming requires licensing of the media, renting only requires that you own a copy to rent out.Interestingly, one website tried to make a run around this regulation by streaming movies online that were played by a physical DVD player. http://www.wired.com/business/2011/03/zediva/ It was shut down in less than a year.Rewritten LI5: Even though they seem similar, streaming video and DVDs are very different. If Redbox buys 100 DVDs to rent out there will always be 100 copies of the movie. It is easy under the law to move around 1 copy of a movie once you buy it. If they tried to stream it to you they would have to make a copy to send to you over the internet. To make new copies you have to own something different, something that you need to buy separate, something that the movie company might not want to sell you.
How come humans are the only species on Earth that use sophisticated language, build cities, develop medicine, etc? It seems that humans are WAY ahead of every other species. Why?A slightly different answer: Species evolve qualities that are beneficial for survival, and passing on their genes. That's the only reason a particular trait gets selected and passed on in a species. Humans developed large front brains (which make us intelligent), because intelligence confers advantages for surviving and passing on our genes. So, humans developed big, smart brains for the same reason that we developed arms, that rhinos developed thick skin, that alligators developed an incredibly slow metabolism, and that owls developed acute vision. All of these traits are very helpful for helping the creature survive and mate. So, our asking "Why aren't other species as intelligent as us?" is very much like an alligator asking "Why don't other creatures have as slow metabolisms as we do?" or an owl asking "Why can't other creatures see or fly as well as we do?". The answer is that those traits aren't the ones that were helpful for those creatures to survive. Each creature developed the traits it did in order to overcome environmental challenges to survival, and it happens that intelligence was a huge help for primates in trying to survive, but not so much for alligators. Alligators don't need to be able to make tools or to fly to weather their environmental challenges. What would be more helpful is if they could slow their metabolism to the point that they only need to eat about once a year - and this is the trait they developed. The same goes for us. Intelligence is one of many evolutionary tools developed for survival, but by no means the most efficient one. Bacteria - stupid as they are - are better at surviving than we are.
Lack of respect for legitimate legal process was a reason I disapproved of Pres Bush's job as President. I can't vote for Obama if he's breaking that campaign promise. (I would vote for Jill Stein.)The closure of Guantanamo was indeed blocked by congress. (Democrats and Republicans). You can't put them on trial if they can't be present for the proceedings. It is an ongoing fight between the executive and legislative branchYup, blocked by both of them. Not for any great reason, but because no congressperson wanted to be the congressperson that brought all those terrorists to his district. Not that there weren't prisons and places that wanted them, but that would pretty much end a congressperson's career. Some things are more important than our democracy.This answer gets only half the story. The other part was written in another comment: Technically they are not on US soil and are therefore not part of the US Justice System. To bring them to US Soil would require that they either be charged or released. Since there's nothing they can really be charged with, they'd have to be released into the United States.
First of all, your speed is 5 Megabits per second. One byte is made up of 8 bits, so this is actually equivalent to 640 kilobytes per second. In addition, that's a total maximum speed. You'll never be able to get that full speed because a) it depends on the network as a whole in between you and the website and b) your internet connection is being used by a whole bunch of stuff at once.*edit as pointed out, i need to apply MATH! :) making adding a little to this So this means that 5 megabytes is 40 megabits of information, which you would think is 8 seconds to download, but the computer doesn't just open up the flood gates and spew the file, it's transmitted (be default) 1500 bytes at a time, each one of those "packets" has information about it's contents and destination taking up space that you can't use to move your file but still have to transfer. Your computer and the server are having a conversation, the web server starts sending packets your computer opens the packet, makes sure it's contents are OK and lets the server know. This takes more time.
Scalping isn't illegal in most places. It is sometimes prohibited at the physical location of the event, and within some distance, but ticket resale (at any price) is generally legal.Not only is legal, venue owners and ticketmaster etc love it. The brokers/scalpers assume all the risk buying up all the tickets to a show that may or may not have high demand. Scalpers do take a bath every now and then. I go to a lot of concerts and hockey games and I almost exclusively buy from scalpers, especially if the face value is over $100. I usually show up to the venue right around showtime as this is the cutoff point where the scalpers will want to minimize losses. Buying a single ticket you can get some amazing deals (like 25% face value) if you don't mind going to a show alone.As started elsewhere, scalping isn't illegal in most places. However, where it is, it is usually due to fraudulent tickets being sold regularly. So to legally sell tickets, you must be a ticket broker and be licensed by the state the show you are dealing the tickets in and the state you are operating in.
There are a few reasons. The primary is research. It gives us a chance to explore a body that we've never been able to study in depth before. Looking at samples of the asteroid may offer insight into it's creation, and the creation of the solar system in general. The second reason, is what I believe to be more of a "proof of concept". The asteroid selected is nearby and convenient to access, but a successful capture opens the door to retrieving more distant (and more valuable) asteroids. Many asteroids contain metals that are rare and precious on Earth. There are several platinum rich asteroids that have been discovered, and others have been observed to be rich in other heavy-metals. Successful mining would lead the way to a very lucrative (and beneficial) industry. And the first step towards mining these asteroids is capturing them.Isn't precious metal value based on the fact that they're rare? So what would be the benefit if we brought a huge platinum asteroid down to Earth? Wouldn't that decrease its rarity greatly and therefore decrease its value greatly? Edited for clarity.
My 8 year old son is always asking really thought provoking questions. Sometimes I can answer them, sometimes I can't. Most of the time, even if I can answer them, I have no idea how to answer them in a way he can understand. I've started writing down questions I have no idea how to answer. Any help would be greatly appreciated! How come a knife can cut my skin but my finger can't cut my skin? How do I know if the color I'm seeing is the same color you're seeing? What happens to the atoms in water when it goes from ice to water to steam? Where does sound go after you've said something? How come we can't see in the dark? If the Earth is spinning so fast, how come we don't feel it? If our cells are always being replaced, then what happnes to the old ones? What would happen if everyone in the world jumped at the same time? How come people living in different parts of the world aren't upside down? edit Wow! Did not expect so many great answers! You guys are awesome. I understood all the answers given, however I will say that IConrad and GueroCabron gave the easiest explanations and examples for my son to understand. Thanks guys! I'm really glad I asked these questions here, my son is satisfied with the answers and now has even more questions about the world around him :) I have also been reading him other great questions and answers from this subreddit. I hope I can continue to make him ask questions and stay curious about everything, and this subreddit sure helps!1. How come a knife can cut my skin but my finger can't cut my skin? A: It can, actually. People do that all the time with their fingernails -- but have your son do this. Push a piece of playdough with his fist and then with the same strength push it with just one finger. This will demonstrate the concept of pressure. Since the edge of a knife is REAAALLY narrow, all that strength goes to just that one spot. Your finger is much wider, so that same strength gets all spread out and has less effect. 2. How do I know if the color I'm seeing is the same color you're seeing? Well, scientists have recently been recording the patterns of firings that occur in the brains of animals to play them back; we have machines that can record what your eyeball sends to your brain (in special cases anyhow) and play them back. So we can literally observe this. Then there's spectrometers. Since we all have basically the same equipment it makes sense it would have the same results. But then you start getting into qualitative experience and we don't know how to measure that. Yet. Regardless, if IConrad!blue isn't the same as explainthestuff!blue -- it's still blue.
[deleted]The pill may have caused some irritation at one point in you esophagus. The irritation causes a bit of swelling, that feels like an obstruction. Or it could be 'stuck' somewhere. Just try to drink water while swallowing the pill or eat some bread/other food after the swallow. This will help to "unstick" itOne time as a kid I was eating peanut brittle and I accidentally swallowed a piece that was too big. It got lodged in my throat but I could still breathe (so, esophagus I guess). I started freaking out and drinking water, but that didn't work. It was odd, I remember (what seemed like) about five minute passing with it still stuck there, and I was staring out my back door to the woods behind the house when it hit me that bread would help get it down. Not sure why I thought of it, but i felt like the most clever 2nd grader. I started with a little because I didn't want to clog my throat. Well, it scratched down my esophagus and caused so much pain I'm cringing just remembering it. So, yeah, bread is a good idea.
This has always puzzled me. Normally a company hones their craft and makes one, maybe several, products which they need extremely large factories to produce. Meanwhile, grocery stores create hundreds of different items and sell them cheaper then the "name brand" items. Do they have one big factory that can mass produce all the different kinds of products?They don't. Usually, they contract companies that do make those products to produce their store brand. If the grocery store is large enough, both parties win out on this; the store gets its store brand, and the manufacturer gets a huge volume of guaranteed sales.Just to add... Sometimes the large supermarkets when using contract manufacturers will ask for exclusive rights to a formulation/product. This essentially locks out other companies creating 'copy cat' products which are absolutely identical. So this doesn't always mean a win/win situation. As that contract manufacturer can become locked in to just producing for one large company rather than several smaller ones. This in turn locks out competing products on the supermarket shelf and leads to the store brand creating a monopoly on that product and can charge what you feel like to a certain degree. Also to add things to the mix, supermarkets control their shelf space and can charge companies incredible amounts to get that 'prime' position on the shelf. Again creating a complex cycle...if you charge companies a high rate for shelf space they have to include that into their retail price somehow and thus making it more expensive than the supermarket brand.
If the woman has all her eggs at birth, then why does the risk of Down Syndrome increase with age? I assume the eggs would have no reason to replicate, so how does the mutation occur? I searched ELI5 beforehand but found nothing. Thanks! ~WaffleTwatsThe chance of having a child with Down syndrome increases with age because older eggs have a greater risk of improper chromosome division. If the cells don't split properly, an egg or a sperm cell could get an extra chromosome. If an egg with 24 chromosomes is fertilized, then the baby will end up with a total of 47 chromosomes. The same thing happens when a sperm with 24 chromosomes fertilizes an egg. If the extra chromosome happens to be number 21, then the child will have Down syndrome.I understand that things tend to go awry with age. But sperm and eggs are haploids...they each have only half the set of chromosomes. The older eggs have already gone through chromosome division to become eggs. Am I horribly mixed up here? (I have some knowledge in genetics. I'm just confused about this.)As someone who's afraid of such a thing happening, what is considered "older" in this discussion? And what is the % of increase?
They seem to have maximized the combination of most airplay with the least amount of popularity. Whenever someone is faced with a choice of which music to play to a broad audience--be it radio or TV or sports arena or whatever--Nickelback seems like a good choice because they have the right mix of elements. They're rock but not so heavy as to disturb people, but still edgy enough not to seem like a corporate contrivance. They're modern enough not to seem like a nostalgia thing while being old enough not to seem like the latest teenybopper group. The result is that people tend to hear a lot of Nickelback despite very few people being really passionate about them. So, we think, "why the fuck do I keep hearing this stuff? These guys suck." I may actually dislike certain modern country or southern rap or death metal much more than I dislike Nickelback, but it's easy to see that those other genres have dedicated fans and a real culture behind it. Nickelback is easy to hate because I don't associate them with real people. EDIT: A lot of people object on the basis that Nickelback sells a lot of albums and fills up live venues. It tried to address that here. TL;DR: a lot of people buy Nickelback stuff, but those people don't tend to have much influence on people who talk a lot about music (critics, hipsters, genre-specific fans, etc).
Yes macs are included in this. That's the reason I'm asking this question. My mac is definitely noticeably slower than when I bought it in October 2008. It just stalls loads. Can anyone explain this?Imagine you have a sweet Legacy of the Wizard thermos. You use it everyday for school and it's your favorite container. One day, you put Cherry EXPLOSION Koolaid in it, drink it up and have red teeth all day long! The next day, you put in Dr. Pepper. You don't like Dr. Pepper as much as daddy does (at least, he calls it Dr. Pepper), but it's one of your favorites, huh? What's cool is that the little bits of Cherry that were still in there made it taste like CHERRY EXPLOSION DR. PEPPER. WOW! Each day, you try a different drink (or even the same ones from time to time). After a while, what happens to your thermos? It gets all gross and gooey, huh? All slimy and smelly. Even though it smells kind of sweet, it all still is just too covered in gunk to be usable. So, what do you do? You wash it, of course! After you get your mom to put it through the dishwasher, it's fresh and ready for you to use again... as long as you keep it clean, slugger. thermos = computer fluids = programs / various other data
We reached a budget deal, so we're not gonna default (meaning our economy is hopefully going to be ok). The agreement had 2 parts- A trillion dollar in budget cuts over 10 years. Our government will be spending less, which will help our debt problems. A committee will be made which needs to plan more cuts by November. None of the drastic thing the parties wanted- taxing the rich for democrats, and cuts to entitlements for republicans-have been made yet. The parties and the president hope the committee will decide to do these things. Hope this helps! Glossary- A default would mean our government wouldn't be able to pay it's debts. This would make investors feel like we wouldn't be able to pay them, and would pull out, which would be bad for our economy. Entitlements are government programs like Medicare or social security- when the government gives money to people/pays things for them (including when citizens pay for it gradually throughout their lives)What does cutting entitlements mean?Home Mortgage Interest Deduction Hope or Lifetime Learning Tax Credit Student Loans Child and Dependent Care Tax Credit Earned Income Tax Credit Social Security--Retirement & Survivors Pell Grants Unemployment Insurance Veterans Benefits G.I. Bill Medicare Head Start
The brain's perception of the passage of time is still a bit of a mystery to neuroscientists. All though it is generally agreed upon by most, that the amount of neural activity in the brain during different situations has a large affect on how fast time is going by. Essentially during times of heightened levels of neural activity, the brain is capable of accepting and processing more stimuli, making time slow down. During low activity, and we are taking in less information, time speeds up. Simply because there is not enough stimuli coming in to make you notice how much time has gone by. To answer your question about time speeding up when we are happy, it's all about the tiny chemicals that influence neurons to fire, called neurotransmitters. When we are happy many of NTs are involved. Such as dopamine, serotonin, or even oxytocin sometimes, along with others. This can lead to an euphoric type state, leaving us feeling somewhat dopey and less observant of a lot of stimuli around us. Hence time seems to speed up.Essentially during times of heightened levels of neural activity, the brain is capable of accepting and processing more stimuli, making time slow down. During low activity, and we are taking in less information, time speeds up. Simply because there is not enough stimuli coming in to make you notice how much time has gone by.
Last Edit: WE'RE DOING THIS (ELI5 Project)! There are concepts on here that I'm sure many redditor parents have a difficult time explaining to their kids. It would be cool if we could all get together and design some children books similar to how we do the Redditor Magazine. It could be a .pdf file that parents print and read to their kids as bedtime short stories. Educate the little kids with tough questions they all have, while making it fun: we could start here Is this something you'd all be interested in? Edit: Looks like we have enough support, and a decent amount of volunteers! If there's anyone else that would like to help, send me a PM or post here and I'll get in touch with you. I have enough time to execute this, but I'd also like someone to help me out a bit if anyone else has the free time and would like the task. Message me. I'll make a list soon of illustrators and writers. Edit 2: You guys are all awesome! I'll have an outline type document to send out to all the volunteers with all the details involved. Expect a message and/or email within the next few days! It's not too late to let me know if you'd like to volunteer! We'll take all the help we can get! Message me with your email address I can contact you at if possible.Myself and the other mods are working on an edited version of The Five-Year-Old's Guide to the Galaxy to hopefully be finished sometime this spring. We're trying to focus more on an adult/Reddit-age audience and take some of the more advanced questions a five-year-old wouldn't be interested in. I would personally love to see a version of the Guide geared more towards kids and parents (as it seems this project will be). It would be great to have some community members create something as well. Hope you guys have great success! Remember to post nominations for the guide (any quality post on an interesting topic would be great) here.Writer here, would love to help if you guys need it!This is a fantastic idea. Are you planning on making this a published book? I can see a Kickstarter getting a strong amount of support from the community.
The lump-like thing we feel when overcome by emotion has to do with how the nervous system deals with stress. The part of the nervous system that handles stress is called the autonomic nervous system. It controls bodily functions that we do not consciously control, such as digesting food and pumping blood through the heart. However, the autonomic nervous system is also important in dealing with emotional states. When an animal encounters a stressful situation, its autonomic nervous system kicks in to allow it to either fight or run away. It does this by increasing the flow of blood and oxygen to the necessary muscles. The same applies to humans. Even when we experience emotions such as grief or sorrow, the autonomic nervous system responds as it would to anger or fear by increasing the flow of oxygen through the body. To increase oxygen intake, the autonomic nervous system makes us breath faster, and expands the glottis, the opening in the throat that allows air to flow from the larynx to the lungs. The expansion of the glottis in and of itself does not create a lumpy feeling, until we try to swallow. Since swallowing involves closing the glottis, this works against the muscles that open the glottis in response to crying. We experience the resulting muscle tension as a lump in the throat.
According to a fusion scientist that did an IAMA a while back, the #1 hold back is funding - funding required to build the test reactors, needed to test the physics and engineering theory. While he mentions / elaborates on this answer in multiple posts; this is arguably the main one in which he talks about it: http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/mpc9g/iama_nuclear_fusion_scientist_american_expat_in/c32ravg ELI5: Say you lived in a really windy place, on a farm away from town, and you've always wanted a tree fort. Unfortunately, because it's so windy, when you try to build one, it gets blown out of the tree. To try and make it stay up there, you try a bunch of things, like using new things to hold your tree fort in place; you know that you could use rope, or glue, or nails or something else. You have a go at using some thin rope that your parents didn't want, but it's not enough, and it rips when a strong gust of wind comes along. You try some glue, but your clag glue doesn't really work.
When I am tired, everything is funny. Not 10:30 tired, 3:00 tired.When you're that tired, part of your brain goes on vacation. Specifically, your frontal lobe (the part in charge of keeping you calm and making you think through things) is just plain tired of keeping you in line. Therefore, you get fewer signals inhibiting laughter or humor.There's been some recent research that suggests that one of the largest factors in laughter is perceived incongruity. Things that are radically out of line with what is expected. I would think the brain's slowed processing and perception when you're tired would lead to an increase in how often your brain 'loses track' of things, triggering a sense of incongruity. That would just add fuel to the fire that the rest of your brain has already started, in the absence of the frontal lobe maintaining discipline.NSF5: I know this is going to sound bad but when my ex-girlfriend was tired, she was MUCH more receptive to my attempts at initiating sexytimes. I imagine, this is a similar effect. Now whenever I feel tired, I feel randy and tired.
While Imperialism made a bad lot worse, Africa's real problem is its geographic scarcity. "The presence of jungles, deserts and mountains and the lack of navigable rivers in Africa does more than make Africa capital poor; it also absolutely prevents unification. It makes it nearly impossible to create stable nation states when those on the borders have no possibility of stability." [Stratfor] There are reasons that the Imperialists landed and found no seriously organized nation-states. Yes, there were some large trading states but nothing unified, organization or even remotely controlling of anything outside of a narrow set of trade-routes and trade-cities. So, yes, downvote to Imperialism, but Africa has massive geographic problems that are always going to be near impossible to overcome. The same sorts of problems that Russia has, has always had and will always have. The kind of problems that create war, famine, and massive human suffering. Sure, maybe a few 'countries' have the ability to be self-sustaining and really build something but can they when all of their neighbors are one harvest away from massive food shortages and the inevitable warfare, strife and massive displacement of humans that accompanies all of this?
It is well known that Flash uses lots of battery power. This is why it's not supported on many mobile devices. Here is an interesting comparison between Flash and HTML5 videos. Using power will naturally create heat - after the power has done something useful inside your processor, it gets turned into heat. This is why your laptop gets hot when you use Flash. As for why it uses so much power, there's a good explanation here. The ELI5 version is that Flash is capable of doing a lot of very powerful things. Because of that, it takes a lot of processing power to show Flash media, regardless of what type of media it is. It's also made worse by Flash designers doing things like including videos which are recorded in a certain resolution, then showing them in a different resolution, which Flash doesn't always do in hardware (depending on the version), and by the fact that Flash works at a fixed frame rate, and had to convert the video to that frame rate if that's not how it was recorded.Thank you! I understand some things better. But like I asked nfx: If I download a flash movie file (.flv-file) and watch it in a movie player like VLC my laptop's workload and temperature aren't really that high. So why is it so much higher when I use flash player or HTML5 player anyway?
It's not general practice to require you to drop the 1-### I'm guessing it's a cheap fix for some old equipment that can't preparse the numbers and route them accordingly to local or ld. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Telephone_numbering_plan Local number The local number (or subscriber number) must always be dialed in its entirety. The first few digits in the local number typically indicate smaller geographical areas or individual telephone exchanges. In mobile networks they may indicate a network provider in case the area code does not. Callers from a number with a given area/country code usually do not need to (but optionally may) include the particular area/country code in the number dialed, which enables shorter "dial strings" to be used. Devices that dial phone numbers automatically can include the full number with area and access codes, since there is no additional annoyance related to dialing extra digits.Thanks, this makes sense!When you dial 1 you're accessing your CO's long distance trunks, thus making a local call over the LD circuits will incur LD charges so they do not route the call. Some new telco systems will recognize a local call and re-route that call to the proper trunks.
Just something I've pondered recently. For the record, I voted for Gary Johnson, but was ultimately hoping for Obama to become re-elected. I understand he only had the supermajority for a brief time, but I didn't think "parliamentary tricks" were effective against a supermajority.Senators are normally seated in January. The race between Al Franken and Norm Coleman was very close (~300 votes). This led to recounts, which led to lawsuits, which led to more recounts. Al Franken (who would've been #60) was not seated until July 7. Ted Kennedy was dying and had not cast a vote since April 2009 or so. After he died in August 2009, he was replaced by Paul G. Kirk until a special election could be held. Due to more lawsuits, Paul G Kirk served from Sept 24 2009 to February 4 2010. Scott Brown (R) won that special election, bringing the Senate Democrats down to 59 votes, and unable to break a filibuster by themselves. Note that Sept 24-Feb 4 is about 20 working days, due to recess and holidays. So, for about 20 working days, the Senate Democrats could have broken a filibuster if you could get every single one of them to agree on something. This is not an easy thing to do. Some of the members had ideological differences. Some of the members realized that being absolutely vital like this gave them leverage, and wanted to be sure that they got their legislative goals. This did not go well.
I understand that its not a democratic process. I'm more interested in the system of Government that results in these Congresses.The Chinese system isn't exactly transparent, but there have been several decent attempts I've seen. The National People's Congress is basically a huge gathering of all the most important people in China (leaders, generals, party chiefs, governors, mayors, managers of big state-owned business etc.) and what regional officials consider to be 'grassroots' role models that can range from teachers and doctors, to farmers and scientists. Big important people make up 70%, and the role models 30%. The congress only happens every five years, and elects ~370 people to become part of the party's elite Central Committee (selected from a pool of people just a bit over ~370 - see a problem?). After being elected, this committee then chooses 24 members (who were also kind of pre-chosen by the state party's leadership anyway). Those 24 members (called the Politburo) decide the new standing committee. The new Standing Committee (which is the elite elite) is then revealed after the first meeting of the Central Committee. Currently has 9 members (so it's pretty exclusive) but it's rumoured that it'll go down to 7, which will make the quick decision making power of the Chinese government even quicker at making decisions as there'll be less discussion in the wake of reforms. The top of this elite elite standing comittee is the chair, who is also now the president of China.
I'm not saying he isn't, I'm just 15(I MEAN FIVE) and wasn't paying attention at the time. EDIT: My fu**ing God, 594+ comments, and thanks for the answers btw.He took office in a recession, and then presided over a huge economic boom of the mid to late 90's. How much is attributable to his policies and how much to other factors is debatable, but he'd have taken the hate if the economy tanked, so I think it's only fair he takes the credit if it boomed. Also, he worked with a Republican congress to get some major important policies implemented, like welfare reform. He also made it cool to be a democrat again, after 12 years of Republican presidents, 4 years of a basically failed Carter presidency, and another 6 years of Nixon and Ford. Clinton was the first strong democratic president since LBJ in the 60's.Also, he had some effective military actions in the Balkins with very few casualties. ALSO also, he got a BJ in office and STILL got the job done.Not to mention he had some of the best international relations since a LONG time. Not only did his own country love him, but the entire world loved him.
[deleted]They've allotted the space, but that space is not filled, nor does it all exist. It's similar to how so much of the money of the world is only dealt with digitally. All the space that they've promised users they can use doesn't all exist yet because it doesn't have to. Unless it really does exist because Kim Dotcom and co. are supremely rich. Either way, it's been promised to users but each uploader doesn't fill their free 50gb as soon as they make an account, so there's no need for them to actually have 50 million gb of space available on day one Edit: So actually ELI5 here. Imagine if your parents started work at a lollipop factory. They tell you that you can have as many as you want every night as long as you tell them the day before so they can bring them home from the factory. You go to school and brag about your new unlimited source of lollipops, and everyone in your class asks you for some. Robin loves lollipops and offers to pay you for 3 lollipops a day. Kenny and Josh don't even like lollipops, but they're just asking for some because everyone else is (and because you're giving them away for free, and who doesn't love free stuff?). Brian, Cameron, and Jessica wouldn't mind a lollipop each, per day, and although they're not huge fans like Robin is, they'll eat most of the lollipops you give to them and either throw the rest away after a while or give them to others. You don't have to have 8 lollipops on you for these 6 classmates every day- you'll know how many to bring to school when they ask you the day before; although it is good to have a few extras on hand for emergencies.
As in, why is there a tone of voice and inflection that is very likely that of a gay person? I obviously realize that not all gay people sound the same, but there is a very stereotypical sound that you can pick out of a crowd if you hear it. I don't know anything about linguistics, but I'm having trouble wrapping my brain around a culture that's so decentralized, and until very recently, so held back from being public without persecution, having this shared, almost unmistakable quality.Linguist here. Please read this: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lavender_linguistics and please realize that fearsomehandof4's answer is pure conjecture and guess-work without a single source to back it up. The general consensus in the linguistics community is that the "gay accent" is a sociolect --- sort of like a dialect, but instead of being tied to a geographical area it's tied to a social group. People adopt and develop sociolects in order to identify with the group speaking it. The question has come up on r/linguistics a couple of times before: 1 and 2. I suggest you go read those threads if you want some more scientifically based answers. Edit: An example of sociolect for those that has watched the IT Crowd: "Did you see that ludicrous display last night?" It's a pretty good --- but exaggerated --- example of Roy and Moss not being familiar with the sociolect, or "lingo" if you will, of the group they're trying to fit into.Part of the reason why the "gay accent" became a sociolect is because it was developed as a way for gay people (most often males) to identify one another without outing themselves to the general public. During the 1960s, in , gay communities formed in bars and clubs. Gay people wanted a way to determine whether the other people who frequented those areas were actually part of the gay community, or if they were cops or people who wanted to blackmail them. To distinguish between gays and heterosexuals, many gay people adopted an accent that would become common knowledge among the gay community as a sign of your sexual orientation. (Think of the "gay accent" as a "secret code" among gays.) The accent developed in part from imitating diva figures like Judy Garland and Eartha Kitt, or reenacting scenes from films such as featuring Joan Crawford. These are all elements that contributed to the "camp" aesthetic that came to define communication among the gay community.
Driving is not an intense task. Once you're used to it, it is almost as simple as walking; you simply do not need to actually think about most of what's going on. Memory is triggered by novelty. If you see something new or interesting, you are more likely to remember it. Conversely, if you see something you've seen dozens of times before, unless something unusual happens you are unlikely to remember it. A person who drives 10000 miles per year, and has done so for the last decade, will have in that time spent around 2500 hours on the road. Truly novel experiences on the road will be very rare. In short, you are probably paying all necessary attention to the road as you drive. However, you don't bother forming memories of the experience because you have done it all before.Is this why reddit is a blur?Just curious. Why, when I'm blanking out while driving, if I suddenly come back to reality, I instantly have no idea where I am? I start to panic, thinking I've gone the wrong way b/c I wasn't paying attention, when all along I'm still going the right way. This has happened to me many times. Does this happen to anyone else? Or is my brain just broken?
EDIT: Thanks alot for the explanations guys, it really helped. I guess I was thinking about it because I just can't get sweep picking down (big metal player) because my left hand just isn't precise enough. The rhythm thing makes the most sense, because I just tried a basic gallop with my left and it was laughably horrendous hahahaIt's much much easier to keep a beat with your dominant hand. It's the same reason why drummers use their dominant hand on the hi-hat.Open handed righty hereYeah I think this answer is more satisfactory than arguing that the right hand's job is actually more complex, as the top comment currently argues. Having played for ten years now, I can confirm that that's not really true. It IS however, more about beatkeeping and rhythm. Both sides are complex, it's just the right hand is more rhythm oriented.Oh. Yeah. And then they switch when gravity blasting. I've never thought of it that way but you're totally right.im left handed, but learned drums with a right-handed set up. i always use my right hand for the hi-hat, but when i do rolls or fills, i lead with my left. it's an awful habit that i can't seem to get out of.
Well, the reason why it's called the "Third Reich" is that Hitler was modeling it after the first two reichs. That's a German word that means "empire." The Second Reich was run by an emperor called a Kaiser, which is a German word that means "Caesar." The First Reich sprang from the original Caesars themselves - the Romans, who (more or less) unified Europe into one body, which then carried on through the Holy Roman Empire. (If you want to get technical, the Holy Roman Empire was the First Reich - it merely inherited a sense of self-importance or entitlement from the original not-so-holy Roman Empire.) What's important to understand for all this is that "Germany" didn't really exist as Germany for most of its history - it was a collection of often warring kingdoms, duchies and principalities with names like "Saxony" and "Prussia." There were also enclaves of ethnic German aristocrats who ruled towns or counties across Eastern Europe where most of the people were Slavs or Poles or something similar. So one of Hitler's main political aims was to bring all these scattered places together into one country - Greater Germany - and to get the world to accept that these enclaves and bits and pieces of land that were nominally other countries actually belonged to Germany. That's why when Germany annexed the , there was enough international confusion that not everyone accepted it as an invasion.
For example, how would it know the difference between $1 and a $5 bill? Popped up into my head at a self checkout line.Look at the back of bills in IR light. There are bands of ink missing in that light spectrum. The device measures the brightness of reflected IR light as the bill moves through it and can decode the denomination from that info of it getting brighter or darker. Coins are easier to understand. They pass down the slot you put them in, and the slot becomes tilted and has holes just bigger than the ones they want to accept, starting with the smallest, the dime, and moving up to the quarter or dollar coin. There is a switch, either mechanical, or light based that counts each coin. There will be more sophisticated ways to detect counterfeits but that is the original way they differentiate the amounts.what if you put coins from a foreign country in?I used to work for a vending company. Every so often (typically after new bills were issued) we would have to get an update for the bill acceptors so our machines wouldn't think those newer bills were counterfeit. Bill acceptors have several settings on them as well and they are set mostly through DIP switches. Depending on the machine it interfaces with, there are settings for pulses per dollar, signal type, how "precise" the IR sensor needs to be, etc. Counterfeit currency has never been a huge issue in my part of the country, so we always set to accept bills more than reject since if there's anything that would be picked up by that sensor then more than likely it is correct. In fact, if you've tried fitting a bill into an acceptor more than like three times with it spitting it back out, more than likely either it's set to reject if there's any issue with the IR signature or it's an extremely dirty bill. The sensors can get dirty as hell too. Every month we'd run a cleaner through it. Just an alcohol pad roughly the size of a dollar.
Hello, Can someone please explain how chaos theory works, where it's applied outside of maths? Time travel? How does it link in with the butterfly effect?Chaos theory is essentially just the idea that very small changes in the initial conditions can lead to large differences in outcome, especially in the long run. The Butterfly Effect is just one example of chaos theory, in which it is supposed that the butterfly beating its wings at the right moment could be enough of a change in initial conditions to tip the balance in favour of a hurricane forming on the other side of the world. What chaos theory isn't about is randomness. Chaotic systems can be completely 100% deterministic, but the problem is our ability to know the exact starting conditions, and thus we can't make accurate predictions.There's also the idea of mixing that should be added to this. If you visualize a system changing over time, a one that is chaotic should take a small area of your space and kind of spread it out everywhere. This part seems to be ignored in popular definitions. Imagine you have a pool filled with clear liquid. Let us just look at the surface of the pool. Say you take an eye dropper and place one drop of red dye into the pool. If this behaves chaotically, then what will happen is as time passes, the drop of red dye will get spread everywhere on the surface of the water. So after a sufficient amount of time if you take a magnifying glass and pick any small region of the surface, you'll be able to see traces of red dye.
ie. Poop vs Shit or Crap I know it varies by region/culture but that's about it.One theory is that it boils down to prejudice against vulgar language. Notice that the rude words are mostly of old English origin, words like shit, cunt and dick, whereas the polite terms are of French or Latin origin, such as faeces, vagina and penis. England's elites used to speak French or Latin. They were deemed the "polite" society. The poor were deemed to be vulgar, hence "rude" or impolite.This is more in the direction of what I was asking. ThanksAnd it should be noted that "vulgar" doesn't mean nasty or rude. It means "common".Yeah, this is it. To be a little more specific, the "polite" synonyms are descended from the French/Latin words used by the French (Normans), who invaded England about a thousand years ago (1066, Battle of Hastings, all that good stuff) and became the social and economic elites, while the "crass" or "vulgar" words today are more or less the words used by the Anglo-Saxons who ruled England until 1066 but came to have lower status after the Norman conquest.
There's one by my work. What does it really do? -AndyThey serve two main purposes. First off, they are just a holding tank. During peak water usage times (e.g. In the morning when people are getting up and showing) the water tower serves as a local reservoir so that water isn't having to be pumped in from the source at such a high rate. The tower is then refilled during times when the system isn't operating at peak loads. Secondly (and more interestingly) they help maintain water pressure in the system. Ever notice how when you turn your water on it starts immediately? It's because there is constant water pressure in your pipes and water is sitting right there at the tap waiting for you to open the valve so it can come out. If you turn on every faucet in your house, the pressure in all the pipes goes down and the water doesn't come out as fast. On a larger scale, if everyone in an area is doing laundry and taking showers and watering their lawns, it's like having every faucet in your house turned on and you risk everyone losing pressure. The water tower helps maintain pressure during these peak times. It does this simply by holding the water really high up. The water that it's holding "wants"to get down to the ground and is essentially pressing downward. This force keeps the pressure high enough that everyone using water is assured that the water will come out at a reasonable flow. The higher the tower, the more downward force it exerts.
I've been noticing a lot of reposted questions recently, mostly about things like Megaupload and other current events, but more than that, I've been going into threads I find interesting and curious and finding the only replies that have been posted are telling the OP to search before asking. This is good, we don't want too much recycled content on this sub or to be spammed with the same questions a thousand times a day (like what happened the last few days with Megaupload questions), however, when I check the links provided by commenters telling the OP to search first, most of the posts I see (that are the same as or similar to the post being commented on) are several months or more old. I just want to let everyone know that it is okay to have the same question asked that was asked six months or a year ago. Chances are, most of us didn't see it, or if we did, we could use a refresher on the topic since it was so long ago. By-and-large, everything's been great, keep posting great questions and answers, and don't forget to be awesome! -Dr_MTL;DR - Reposts are fine as long as they are more than a few months old, just be careful when it comes to asking about current events.Thanks! EDIT: Thanks for the Reddit Gold, too!what does TL;DR mean?SIX months or more, before people start interpreting "a few" as "nearly 2 months old", and you know that will happen.If I may input I think we should start doing more "featured topics" as it were. You know, those links that are sometimes on the top of the page.
EDIT: The title should also include r/answers. As pointed out by demondawid, what ELI5 is in danger of becoming is more like r/answers than AskReddit. I think AskReddit still applies to my point, but far less so than r/answers. The concern is still the same though. This subreddit serves a niche, and it's a very specific one. I hope it can steer towards it, and stay there. Here's my concern. Many people are taking the "like I'm five" idea to be metaphorical. A cute way of saying, "explain it to me in a simple way." As I understand it, the idea is to not only explain the idea simply, but to explain it in a way a child could grasp. It gives someone completely clueless the fundamentals of understanding, which he can then build off of. If you look at AskReddit (r/answers fits here as well), it is essentially a place where people who don't know about a thing, or want to know more about a thing, get it explained to them in a simple way, a way they can understand. I've seen answers in this subreddit that could easily have been in AskReddit OR r/answers. People say that explaining some concepts that simply is impossible. I was inclined to agree, but then I saw this. Amazing. It was an easy read, and gave me the basic understanding of something that I thought would be too complex to explain to a child. Unfortunately, this is more highly upvoted. I looked at that and saw a bunch of numbers and acronyms and thought, "ugh, never mind. I'm not really that interested in programming." I'm sure it's well thought out, and very informative, but it doesn't follow the spirit of this subreddit. I downvoted the latter comment, and upvoted the first one I linked to (chipbuddy's). I realise this is against reddiquette, but it makes sense in this subreddit. I don't mind that those comments exist, I just wish that people realise why this subreddit was created and relegate comments like that a little bit lower. Perhaps after I read chipbuddy's very well child-tailored explanation, I would be more inclined to read the more complicated one. We need to self-moderate a little bit better. TL;DR - AskReddit and r/answers are for straightforward and/or simple explanations. ELI5 is for explanations a child could understand. Edited to include r/answers due to demonawid's critique. He's right, but I believe my point is still valid. Edit 2: I love that we have a lot of discussion going on this. I've been busy today, so I haven't had time to join in as much as I'd like. I hear those who are disagreeing with me, you all have valid points. However, I do want to make one thing clear. I am not suggesting that a child couldn't comprehend what a kind of metal is or what a certain element is called. If you explain it to Eli in the right way, he'd definitely comprehend it. The "right way" is what I'm getting at. I believe my fist linked comment explaining programming languages is not the right way to explain it to Eli. It does not need to be an analogy, but that certainly helps with very complicated answers. To those who believe that I, and the others who agree, are being overly nit picky: If this subreddit involves people asking questions and getting answers like these, how is it any different from r/answers? To remain distinct, this subreddit has to stay in the "a child could comprehend it" niche. Edit 3: It looks as if chipbuddy's response has surged up since I linked to those two responses above. Good on you all!I feel the quality of answers that I've been seeing are ... not answers a 5 year old would understand. Here's an example: How a lightbulb works The top comment starts out:"An incadescent lightbulb works by running electricity through a piece of tungsten;" While that may be accurate, I think answers like that should be in a more detail/correctness oriented location, ELI5 should be something like: power goes though a wire and it gets reaaaaaaallly hot. So hot, that it glows! And it glows really bright, and that's where the light comes from.I like your example of the light bulb. I think what a lot of these explanations lack are steps or progression. A child's mind is like a sponge and it's truly amazing what they can remember and the amount of logic they possess. What I find to be most useful in teaching absolutely anything, though, is increasing the difficultly in steps. So, you give your explanation on the light bulb, which I think is a perfect step 1. Then you step back and make sure they understand. After that, you take it a bit further if necessary, which would be step 2, and so on. 1. Power goes though a wire and it gets really hot. So hot, that it glows! When it glows, you get light!
Its purpose is to verify that you, the purchaser, have the card with you when you're making the purchase. It's not foolproof, it's just an added measure of security. Online retailers are forbidden from storing the CVV in their databases so that if the database is ever stolen, it's still difficult to make a purchase. It doesn't protect you from people who skim your card and manually copy the CVV (but it's hoped that you would become suspicious when you see them doing so), it won't protect you from malicious websites that DO store your CVV. And further, some merchants don't require the CVV to make a purchase in the first place, so it's not useful everywhere. tl;dr - It offers a small amount of more security but still not a lot.Doesn't Steam store this number?This is what drives me nuts. I feel like identity theives should just work at restaurants, the only places where people routinely give them credit cards and let them take them away, for minutes at a time, out of sight all day. Nice thin black skimmer on the inside of the belt, quick glance at the CVV, and he's done. Shoot, he'd only have to do this once a day to build up a large inventory he could sell. Obviously, he'd get caught eventually because everybody would have on thier history that they ate there, but he could still get a lot of numbers before moving on. And god fobid, he steals somebody else's identity to get the job there and then just ditches it and moves on every six months, he could steal CC numbers indefinitely.
I was speaking with someone that was constantly bashing on Walmart last night but wouldn't give me any actual reasons why except for "I'm ruining the economy by shopping there". Edit: Thanks for all the responses! I've been reading since I got home from work and I've learned so much. He said to me that "I should shop at Target instead". Isn't that the same kind of company that takes business away from the locals?As a non US citizen not particularly familiar with Walmart or it's subsidiaries, I expect that the point your friend was making was that Walmart is able to undercut smaller and more specialist companies forcing them out of business. Since many believe small business to be the backbone of the economy - shopping at Walmart is a contribution towards a monopolistic economy with higher unemployment rates and lower minimum wage.Because Wal-Mart is so big, they have the power to tell their manufacturers the price of the product, rather than the other way around. They demand such a low price that the companies can't afford to manufacture in the states anymore. Entire towns which depended on the jobs that factory provided are economically destroyed. Source: I watched The Walmart MovieKind of like in Wall-E, how the Walmart-like company basically became the de facto government because it took over the entire economy and then shit on the earth.
You might as well ask why anyone finds any body part attractive, because you're going to have countless people prescribing to one or another. If you're asking why certain body parts have a bigger "cult following" than others, that can be answered a few ways: -Taboo will play a role with some, wherein the body part in question is considered something that should be hidden or clothed in public and therefore gains a mysterious or taboo quality. -Association with some perceived sexual aspect, or literal use in an act of sex can make a body part easily become an analogue of sexual activity. -More primitive factors (evolutionary selection) can play a role in aesthetic preferences. It's been proposed that there is a correlation between a woman's fat distribution in her thighs and buttocks and the IQ of [her] children (higher is better). -Plus rappers like it, and do they EVER make bad decisions?It's been proposed that there is a correlation between a woman's fat distribution in her thighs and buttocks and the IQ of [her] children (higher is better).
I am honestly extremely confused. Nothing has made less sense. r/A858DE45F56D9BC9.....incomprehensible X-Post with r/ExplainLikeImJive Jk, its not actually answered, but frick, i've got enough stuff to make valid assumptions. Thanks!Over a year ago, someone figured something out. They decoded a post into a giant ASCii stonehenge. Not that it helps make any more sense. http://www.reddit.com/r/A858DE45F56D9BC9/comments/k96b1/201109081949/c2igpiv?context=1Hi, I'm the guy that figured them out. If you want an ELI5 explanation: it's binary data, and every file in your computer looks like this, internally - even text files. This is a way of encoding the binary data as text - it's called a hex dump. Hexadecimal is a counting system we programmers use when working with computers - it's like decimal (that most humans use), but it has 16 numbers instead of 10. Because it's just binary data, it could be anything - just like a file on your computer could store different types of data (text, a photo, a video, and so on). In a few cases we were able to decode what it was, because we could identify the data - some of the messages were tiny pictures for example. The most famous was the ASCII stone henge. The recent messages are more of a mystery. There's lots and lots of them, so it seems unlikely they're being made by hand - it might be a computer program generating them. Also we don't know what the content is - when we decode it, it isn't any type of file we recognise. It might be encrypted data, or just random data (it's impossible to tell the difference).
This is a place to ask questions that some people might find obvious -- and to do so without fear of downvoted, made fun of, or ignored. A great example of a question here would be: "Can someone explain the deal with the debt ceiling?" A lot of us may have heard a lot about it in recent news, and despite being fairly well-educated, really not understand the basic concept. Here's a place to get an answer -- OR, show off your knowledge! The number one rule here is simple: Respect. As a submitter (asker), you need to respect the subreddit by being honest. While there are no "dumb" questions here, please don't waste the space by asking questions that are clearly rhetorical in nature. As a replier (answerer), please remember that no matter how simple the question may seem to YOU, the spirit of this subreddit is for people to come here without fear of being condescended to. Please politely contribute to the discussion. I'll be more than happy to take additional suggestions, guidelines, and thoughts on the way this place should be run. Thanks for checking this out -- and let's make this happen!I just wanted to say I hope this subreddit becomes successful. I don't have any questions off the top of my head, but I know I'll have a ton in the future so I've already subscribed. Good luck!Dude, in six hours this sub has almost 10 subscribed and the top post has 900 upvotes. This subreddit has enormous potential :)I love this. I have a lot of stupid questions that need answering. lolThere are no stupid questions, only stupid answers!This is going to be my favorite subreddit if it takes off.
Your dad is the head of the household. He's is real good on paying back people and makes a lot of money and is rather wealthy, so people trust lending him money. In the last couple of years, your dad did some irresponsible things and even threatened to not pay even though he can. Finally, one of the community leaders/experts said that your dad may not be as trustworthy as everyone thought. So either people ignore that suggestion or people start asking more money (interest) when not only your dad asks for money, but when anyone in your family does. So anything with interest from credit cards to variable rate mortgages to private student loans COULD, but may not, increase. What if you don't owe any money? Well states and cities may also find their borrowing rates higher and may struggle keeping things running while maintaining services and not raising taxes.Keep in mind that one community leader doesn't know anything the other neighbors haven't known for years. The neighbor is only calling your father out on something people have known for a long time, so if anybody currently isn't trusting of your father, they already haven't been.
This is nothing new...I've noticed it happening for years. Some of the usernames and passwords I use for certain websites (admittedly, they are usually porn) somehow end up in general circulation. If I google them I can often (not always, but often) find them embedded in lists of other usernames and passwords. They typically have the corresponding URL as well. How do people get their hands on these? I don't share them and I don't think it's related to a virus or spyware or whatever on my comp because it's happened for years and I've had numerous comps during that time. EDIT: lol, several people seem perplexed that I would pay for porn when so much of it can be found for free on the net. The answer is that I am a hard-core wanker and I require quality not quantity. I don't want to look at some tattoo-covered druggie slut being fucked by two dogs and a horse. My penis deserves better.I guess I'll be the first to admit getting a cold sweat when reading this headline and quickly googling my most common usernames and passwords. *Phew* - no hits.That was probably not the best decision you made today.Well ... now google knows your username/password. :)Mine came up with http://hashash.in/index.php .... I feel relatively safe.Sites like this are notorious for having no clue how to secure a database. Simple injection and boom! You have access to everything. Look up XSS Injection for a description of what they are doing to get access. It's really not that difficult and there are sites dedicated to teaching you how to look for these vulnerabilities.
I understand they went bankrupt and just sold all their licenses, properties, assets, etc. But how did a successful studio like THQ that was actively making games end up dissolving?A while back THQ invested heavily in a peripheral device called the uDraw tablet. They threw money at it to develop it for some casual games, and it flopped. Hard. They where unable to recoup the lost money and have been on a slope downward every since.This makes sense. I was wondering what specifically could have occurred to result in this and here's the answer. Thanks.To expand, THQ made the uDraw available for the Wii in late 2010. The peripheral broke all sales expectations at THQ and was sold out for the entire holiday season. Seeing this success, THQ decided to expand uDraw operations to produce more games. They also decided to bring the uDraw peripheral to the XBox 360 and Playstation 3 in late 2011. For some reason a VP at THQ believed a report indicating sales will be higher on these consoles compared to the Wii. The losses that THQ had to absorb due to this mistake lead to multiple quarters where THQ failed to turn a profit. They began canceling projects such as the Warhammer 40K MMO, and looked for other ways to try and slim down costs. New games shipped but didn't sell as well as expected, and over time the company ran low on money. Attempts to secure new loans and financing failed, and THQ had no ability to continue operations.
Sorry if this sounds stupid but I honestly don't get it. What good does it do anyway? When I ask this in school, everyone avoids the subject. But I'm mixed, then what? Just apply for everything? I feel like that's wrong. What happens when the majority of the world is mixed with everything?Imagine you and your older brother both like cookies. Every Friday your mom puts a plate of cookies on the counter. You and your older brother both run to the kitchen when she calls you. Your brother runs straight for the plate but you have to grab a chair first because you are shorter and cannot easily reach the plate. Because of this, most Fridays your brother eats the majority of the cookies. This isn't because he's naturally any better than you, you just have circumstances which make it statistically less likely for you to get to the cookies first. Mom comes up with a way to help make sure you both get the same number of cookies. On Thursdays, mom bakes a special small batch of cookies just for you. Your brother is not allowed to eat any of these. Despite the fact that your brother is lucky to be taller than you and normally gets most of the Friday cookies, he doesn't like the fact that he can't eat the Thursday cookies as well. He complains to Mom that the Thursday cookies just for you are unfair. She admits that her system isn't perfect and ideally she'd find a way to make sure you both share the Friday cookies equally. Because she can't think of a better way, the Thursday cookies will be fine for now. In time, when you are both older, there should hopefully be no need to make Thursday cookies...
Leonardo Da Vinci painted it. He is the foremost Renaissance artist. Artist's credibility adds to the paintings popularity. Napoleon Bonaparte hung the painting in his master bedroom in 1800. This - I think - was the first tipping point of making the painting one of the most popular paintings in the world. 1804, Mona Lisa is hung in the Louvre - and others can now glimpse at the painting that Napoleon slept with. But the real tipping point for the paintings popularity only hit in August of 1911 - when Mona Lisa is stolen. Stolen from heavily secured Louvre which experts said was impossible. No one knows who stole it or how. Conspiracy theories abound. The painting is talked about in every newspaper. After 2 weeks of much fan fare, Police arrest Guillaume Apollinaire on suspicion of theft. He is the only person they have arrested. Apollinaire implicates Pablo Picasso. The rumor of Picasso stealing the Mona Lisa adds in a lot more fuel in making Mona Lisa very very popular. Picasso is questioned and released. Guillaume Apollinaire himself is released after 5 days. Everyone is still clueless as to who stole the painting. But conspiracy theories abound.
For example, what's different now than 10 years ago? Why could we not have built 20nm chips in 2003 that are as fast as they are now?Everything has been getting a little bit better all the time. This adds to changes that allow for better products a little bit at a time. The silicon wafer might become a bit purer from the smelting process this year. Next year a small increase in the accuracy of the ion implanted allows for better gate width tolerances. Basically we could have done these things 10 years ago. But only in a lab. And only 1 out if 100,000 times. To mass produce something takes incredible control that gets better over time. New computer parts are leading to better controls an processes that lead to better chips that lead to better computers. And round and round it goes. But to make things even a little bit smaller, you can fit more on a chip. Which is doubling the number of transistors on a chip. A 30% reduction in all dimensions of a transistor will allow for doubling the number of transistors in the same area. Note: it isn't every two years we make a faster chip. It is every two years we will double the number of transistors. Source: engineer in semiconductor industrySo I understand that things get smaller and you can fit more on the chip... what would happen if you made the chips twice as large and jam packed even more onto them?
This may be due to something called "sleep inertia". It occurs when you're awoken from deep sleep or when you're sleep is interrupted during your normal sleep cycle. It is worse when you are sleep deprived and have sleep debt. Science doesn't exactly know why sleep inertia occurs. Even though you feel worse after sleeping for only 3 hours, you will be able to stay up longer than if you hadn't slept at all.It has to do with REM sleep. As you are sleeping you naturally go through REM sleep cycles. REM is the lightest if all sleep patterns and after a cycle is usually when people wake naturally. People go through 3-4 cycles a night. Being interrupted during a cycle, specifically during non-REM will make you feel horrible due to a lack of stimulatory neuro transmitters. Conversely, when you do not sleep for extended periods of time your circulating catecholamines increase as your body uses them to stay awake. This is why during prolonged awake periods people get thirsty with increased HR, and you feel more "awake".
As a kid I always conflated it with the practice of every movie calling itself "The #1 [genre] film of the year," but something tells me this isn't an advertising ploy.The "first" this is motivated by being the first in a region; eg, the "First Baptist Church of Hartford" is literally the first baptist church built in Hartford. There are, especially in bigger, younger cities, oftentimes multiple churches after that (second baptist, third baptist, etc). The rationale is it's a simple name that communicates your position in the community, and then 100 years later people are like, "Whoa, that's the first baptist church in Hartford? What a fine, upstanding institution to have survived all these years." Banks are similar, but I don't know that I've ever heard of a "Second Bank of Hartford" - if only because it implies followership. I would definitely want my bank to be the First Bank in a city, though. It would imply, again, a connection with the place that I think many customers would find appealing.So now you must explain the existence of "Fifth Third Bank"It's basically the same as Internet commenter saying "First!!1!"
Pretend you are doing arts and crafts. You have paper and cardboard and glue and paint and magic markers and scissors and glitter (if you're evil) all spread out on your desk. Having all that stuff on your desk takes up a lot of room, and it doesn't leave much space for the actual thing you're working on. Moving from 32bit to 64bit is like moving to a much bigger desk. Even if you don't need it, you have a lot more room to spread things out, and that makes it easier to work on arts and crafts. You can make much bigger projects, and you can organize your supplies better. It's a heck of a lot more complicated than that, but that's the gist of it if you're five.I'll expand on this a bit. In a computer, if you run low on memory it will use the hard drive instead, which is like keeping the art supplies in the cabinet because there's no room on the table. Having more space doesn't just mean that you can have more stuff out at once, it means you don't have to get out of your chair in the middle of working on something to go find the scissors. Because getting up to go through the cabinets all the time is so much slower than having everything on the table, this is the #1 cause of what most people mean when they complain that their computer is "slow."
It seems as big rock bands such as, Aerosmith, AC/DC, Mötley Crüe, KISS, Guns N' Roses, Led Zeppelin among others are just waiting to die out. Appetite for Destruction, GN'Rs debut album, was the last rock album to really blast the Billboard charts and break through many different musical taste barriers in many people. Is it because record companies want rock to die and don't want to sign any upcoming rock bands? Or what?Technology. Back in the day you would need to get a few skillful musicians together and make a band. Then you would have to find a manager. Then you would have to play gigs. Then you would NEED a record deal. The record companies paid you to go around and tour to get your name out to the general public. This sequence of events was exceedingly rare so very few bands made it this far. Now with technology any individual with a computer can be their own band. I personally can write, record, mix, and master any genre of music I want with my macbook pro. Once you've done this you can simply go on facebook to promote yourself. It costs close to nothing to create an album and you don't need the backing of a record company or a manager to do so (It still helps to have both these things, but they aren't required like they used to be). This dilutes the consumers because they have so many more choices - so many more bands to choose from. They can pick exactly what they want, and most of the time, their choices are very different. Big rock bands like the ones you mentioned don't exist anymore because the people who used to like those bands have found new subgenres to explore within rock. This is also true for all the subgenres within electronic, hip-hop, pop music, etc.
I don't understand what fire really does with stuff and where the stuff goes. I know nothing is ever lost (physically speaking) but only transformed but what happens to the object that is burned? Hypothetically, could everything in the world just burn down an nothing but ashes would be left?Fire is hot. heat is basically energy. wood is made of very tiny things called atoms i like to think of them as being the lego of the universe just really really REALLY tiny. ok and around the atom there are things called electrons that like to "spin" all around the atoms in the wood. and when you set something on fire like wood with a match you are introducing heat/energy to the wood's atoms but more specifically their electrons that are "spinning" around the atoms. so you can see fire right? well you know how its red or yellow, orange even blue sometimes. what you see are all the electrons that are "spinning" around the atom they get excited and jump up and down and the jumping up is what you see. jumping electrons make heat/ energy. It gets more technical but thats all you really need. as for what happens to the burning wood it doesn't disappear it just turns to other stuff. stuff you can and can't see like soot or ash and carbon and fumes that you can't see. but all that stuff that gets let out if you collect it all it should be the same amount of stuff the wood had in the beginning. also google
[deleted](Campaign spending this year will definitely be in the billions, it will definitely not be in the trillions.) Your question involves the economics of elections, which is actually not something we know all that much about since it changes election cycle to election cycle. But I'll take a stab at answering you given what we know about economics generally and you can take it or leave it. If you get nothing out of this answer but the second half of this sentence you'll understand the issue rather well: Not all economic activity is equally stimulative. This is an extremely important point, not just in the context of campaign spending, but in ANYTHING involving economic stimulus. A dollar spent on anything, be it ditch-digging or groceries or on a new computer or on a campaign ad will create value in the economy because the guy you paid can now buy something with that dollar, but a dollar spent on Thing A was necessarily not used for Thing B--and not all Things produce the same amount of value. Therefore, there are some things that are better for the economy than others, and it turns out, campaign spending is less good for the economy than the things we would otherwise spend money on. Okay, so let's get more specific by starting with the act of donating to a campaign. Let's say you give the maximum amount to a national campaign: $2500. That money goes to a campaign who will want to use it to advertise in a competitive district--these districts are usually cities and their surrounding suburbs (politically, they tend to be the swingiest districts so they get a lot of attention from campaigns). The campaign needs to spend your money on two things to advertise in these places: 1) they need to create a commercial and 2) they need to buy the air time.
It seemed like back during the early to mid 20th century many people had a certain tone to their voice. It sounded a bit comical in a way, for example how this voice sounded (just a random video). Now people on the radio or any other form of media tend to have a large diversity in how they sound; no longer having a distinct "radio voice." So my question is why did so many people sound a bit alike back then, and why do we each sound more different compared to each other now?Aside from the way technology can warp a voice, there was a particular standard of pronunciation and stuff called the Transatlantic Accent that was used widely for broadcast and theatre purposes for a long time. It was learned (meaning it didn't belong to a specific area and no one spoke it as their native type of English) and it incorporated aspects of standard American and standard British accents. We still have certain standards for radio voices now but it's more about projecting your voice and speaking clearly, rather than with a certain accent.E.g. Frasier and Niles Crane. EDIT: for /u/LegendBiscuitsLet me add, I think skirlaug is dead-on here, and the reason his explanation sounds more plausible than the ones based on technology is because you can (sometimes, rarely) hear the same accent today. Listen to John Bachelor's radio show (or listen to clips on Youtube) - he has that same "classic radio" accent. I used to think he sounded like something out of the 30's, and could never quite put my finger on why until just now.
In light of Edward Snowden being charged with espionage: How does it differ from the patriot act? Will most countries deport back to the USA if you are found there? is this the reason why Mr. Snowden was charged; so the States could have a wider "legal" reach for him? Thank youSo a little backstory on the Espionage Act and how it works. Official secrecy in the United States is remarkably recent. There were basically no laws about it until the 20th century. There were some military regulations as to what to do if someone was spying (who was in the military), but that was basically it. You had lots of informal secrecy, but very few laws about it — very few ways in which the government could say, "ah, I consider this information to be secret, and if you violate that understanding, I can punish you." Prior to the Espionage Act, secrecy was largely what I call "contractual": you signed a piece of paper that said, "I agree to keep this secret, and if I fail, you can do stuff to me," which is very different from a "compulsory" secrecy regime where if you give away something that is considered secret, you can go to jail, whether you agreed to keep it secret or not. World War I changed this. Why? Fears of German spies, fears of local insurrection, and new fears about the role of technical information in war. Secrets in war prior to WWI were more along the lines of "how many troops are here and how many of them are going to be somewhere else in three days" and things like that ("troop movements"). Secrecy in war from WWI forward had that but introduced new and important categories like "what kind of super cool new weapons am I working on" and "what kind of information have I intercepted about the enemy." (The submarine was the "wonder weapon" of WWI and the cause of a lot of American fears.)
It's purely incidental. You can find plenty of photos taken by astronauts where the stars are quite visible. You just don't see very many, because most photos are taken while a well-lit object is in the foreground of the shot, like the Earth, a spacewalking astronaut, or a piece of the ISS. Under these conditions, taking a long exposure to also capture the stars would just white or blur out the shot. I'll use an example. Stand under a street lamp, point your camera towards the sky, and try to capture both the light from the lamp and the stars. In all likelihood, the best you'll be able to do is a short exposure that captures the lamp and blackens the sky.Could you even do a long exposure shot in space? How would you hold position?Or an easier example... Go out at noon and take a picture of the clear blue sky. There are billions of stars in the image, you just can't see them because the refracted sunlight in the atmosphere is so much brighter than the stars. If a camera had infinite dynamic range, I think you'd be able to manipulate the image in such a way as to be able to see them. Alas, dynamic range in a camera is relatively poor.
Specifically in the Western world, what led to weed being illegal? EDIT: Thanks everyone for the responses!TL; DR: William Randolph Hearst: Evil genius bastard. Didn't ban marijuana. That was due to tighty-whitey rich folks concerned poor people might be enjoying themselves. For the same reasons that pretty much every psychoactive substance is illegal, except for the few grandfathered-in exceptions (ie. alcohol & tobacco): moral panics, classism, racism, and heavy handed attempts to control the genuine social harm they cause. Non-booze-&-smokes drugs first became widespread in the western world in the 19th century, when a combination of trade routes opening to the rest of the world, more leisure time & disposable income (thanks to industrialisation), & the collapse of traditional social pressures against their (mis)use led to the popularisation of opium, laudanum, newly-invented cocaine, & yes, weed. Broadly speaking, if you were a factory worker/city dweller in 19th c. Britain or America, you suddenly had free time, spare cash, drugs in the shops and fewer village elders or church fathers to tell you not to use them. This is also why drinking (probably) exploded around this time, leading to the demonisation of "gin palaces" & the like as much as it did opium dens. Opium dens? Ah, time for the racism & classism! Who am I kidding, it's history, it's ALWAYS time for racism! So, newly-popular drugs became bound up in popular Victorian imagination with the urban poor, many new immigrants to the US- or, as the elites of the time saw them, the filthy black/yellow/Catholic hordes (southern Europeans in general & Catholics in particular were as distrusted at the time by the WASP establishment as Chinese & blacks- think "wetback" for contemporary equivalence). So the filthy foreign devils were hopped up on nasty drugs, ready to riot at any moment, and corrupting honest(ish) whites with their pagan narcotics.
[deleted]What repurcussions, if any, will this have on world politics? Please explain it like I'm five. Why is this important?Well, the United States has for many decades now been the main country in world politics. (Longer than that here in Latin America.) Chávez's ideology consisted basically of opposing the US and buying popular support with oil revenues. Given that many people in the continent dislike the US, Chávez was a leader and an inspiration for other, similar governments in Argentina, Bolivia, Ecuador and Nicaragua. It remains to be seen how strong this anti-American movement will be without him. It is important to notice that one of the attitudes these governments have taken is to strengthen their ties with countries the US dislikes, or suspects, or that try to rival it: for example, Russia and Iran. They also support the "wrong" side in the Arab Spring - Gadaffi and Assad, for instance. There is little these small countries can do on the ground, but their political support is still somewhat relevant to prevent these US enemies from being "cornered" and isolated. Just think of Julian Assange being hosted by the Ecuadorian embassy in London - this is done for no other reason than to oppose the US.
Why are they flipped? There has to be a reason for this!The phone's keypad originates from the old fashion rotary telephone, which has the 1 at the top and the 0 at the bottom, so they kept it that way to make it as similar to the old layout as possible. The calculators in the beginning used to work the same way as the old cash registers did, with 10 numbers in a column, the lowest digits at the bottom, starting with 0 and moving up to 9, and were basically mechanical adding machines. So the layout with the numbers starting from the bottom up became the industry-standard for a typical calculator and then later for the numeric keypad.I think this is the first time I've seen someone have to add a picture of a Rotary Telephone to make sure people know what something is. My cousin is 4 years old and is always full of questions. Like - Why do you say roll down the window? it doesn't make sense, why not call it flip the window down instead? Either that, or the other day he asked why cameras made the shutter sound, he said it's dumb that it's so loud when it should be quiet since nothing is happening.
When I sit in one position for a while, and I crack my back, it feels so good! What is going on in my back that makes it feel so good? Edit: Wow! Thanks everyone for all the great answers! :) Edit2: Whoa, front page! Thanks everyone! And sorry about not putting ELI5 in the title - first post so didn't know all the rules!Escaping gases. Synovial fluid present in your joints contains oxygen, nitrogen, and carbon dioxide, when you pop, these bubbles escape. This can relieve pressure. Cracking also leads to momentary ligament looseness and relieves tension. Most importantly, though? Popping triggers the release of local endorphins, which cause a near instant but temporary relief like pain medication making you unaware that your back hurts. Edit- Sources; http://www.loc.gov/rr/scitech/mysteries/joint.html http://www.spine-health.com/ask-a-doctor/lower-back-pain/what-happens-when-you-pop-your-back http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cracking_joints http://science.howstuffworks.com/life/human-biology/question437.htm http://www.wisegeek.org/what-exactly-is-happening-when-my-joints-crack.htm
I understand they have different octane levels but what difference should a driver experience in terms of performance when driving a "regular car" like a Honda Civic or a Toyota Corolla?The others don't seem to be very ELI5 worthy. Let me try. When you squeeze something very hard it gets hot. When you heat up gasoline it explodes. Your car uses a spark to make it explode, but it also squeezes it a lot to help. If you squeeze it too hard it explodes before the spark happens. (In fact truck engines just squeeze it really really hard and don't have any spark!) When your car is going the pistons are going up and down and squeezing the gasoline and then the spark happens when the piston is in the right place and it explodes and pushes the piston down again. If the gasoline explodes too soon, then the piston is still trying to move upwards and the explosion pushes it down the wrong way. This hurts the engine and doesn't make the car move very well! They make different types of gasoline to make sure it only explodes at the right time. If you use a type that needs to be squeezed harder, it might not make as much power if you don't squeeze it that much. But if you use a type that explodes too soon it might actually hurt your engine. Too much means it hurts the car. Too little isn't as powerful. So you always use the type that is made juuuuust right for your car.
With the computers you can pick nearly any machine and just install your favorite OS on it, as long as it has enough resources for it. You may have some driver problems, but still it is possible to switch between different flavors of Windows and Linux. With the phones it takes entire communities of developers adopting the ROM for every specific device. And you are usually stuck with the operating system you originally had on the device. Why can't phones be more like computers?Many commenters have one part of the answer: drivers, but are forgetting another important element which is un/locked bootloaders. On a PC the bootloader is unlocked. As long as you have a bootable device and the correct drivers you can install whatever you want on it. Linux, Windows, even OSX (with some hacks/tweaks) and any other marginal OS. However, on a phone, the bootloaders are often locked which is usually mandated by the cell phone carrier. This means that you can't just install anything you want, EVEN if you did have the drivers for it. Developers either need to pressure the manufacturer to unlock it, crack the bootloader themselves, or find workarounds that are less than optimal. I had a device that suffered from this problem, the Motorola Droid 2. The bootloader was locked and it was never cracked. The latest official firmware was Android Gingerbread. However, during the Froyo days people found a way to work around it and install GB while using the Froyo kernel. Less than optimal of course, but at least you got some of the benefits of the new Gingerbread OS. Fast forward to today, the phone is completely abandoned by Motorola because it's not a new device and makes them no money, but it's perfectly capable of running ICS, one of the newer Android builds. Developers have found a way to workaround the limitation of the locked bootloader and install a newer OS, but because of the locked bootloader there are tons of bugs and limitations.
Many games nowadays are developed for console first and then ported to PC. How can this be possible if the game is made on a PC in the first place?I'm an iOS developer, and haven't worked with 360 or PS3, but what I say here should apply to all cross-platform development. Essentially what changes between platforms is two major things: the relationship between the hardware and the software, and the hardware specifications. At work we develop on PC and then make sure everything works on a Mac & device. As a result we have several sections of our code that only work on one type of machine vs the other. It's a bit like language. Imagine that the PC only speaks Japanese, and the iOS only speaks Swedish. You speak both, and you are told to describe to both of them a picture. The languages are fundamentally different - what you describe to the PC and what you describe to the iOS may ultimately the same thing, the words you used to describe the picture are completely different and usually in a different order. Without metaphor, what changes is usually system calls such as how you display graphics, and how you do things like achievements or online systems. You can imagine for yourself that XBox Live necessarily works very differently from standard PC multiplayer, and Xbox achievements work differently from steam achievements. The other thing that changes is the available hardware. On iOS we're often working with multiple devices which all have different hardware requirements, much like PC development. The iPad 1 will force close apps that use more than 75 mb of RAM for long periods of time, and has only 1024x768 resolution. The iPad 3 has much more RAM and double that resolution. Our PCs have many gigabytes of RAM and high resolution monitors. So simply what we are capable of displaying is vastly different between platforms. Sometimes that means we compromise, because with extremely short development cycles, we don't have time to go our of our way for extras. For example, on PC we run the game as though it were an iPhone 5, because writing the game to take full advantage of the power of the PC would take too much time and not be useful to us.
I've been wondering about this for years. Even in traffic people can feel someone looking at them. Edit 1: Wow. Ok, clarification: I didn't mean that I felt someone staring. I tend to be engrossed in a book or have my earphones blaring and if I do feel a stare it can be attributed to http://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/the-narcissus-in-all-us/201102/how-you-know-eyes-are-watching-you as posted by lazydictionary. Edit 2: Although freddiefranks' explanation of confirmation bias definitely attributes to it I don't believe this answers the question satisfactorily. Edit 3: The answer and weights attributed, shows the general leaning of this subreddit if not the more intellectual subreddits. You are not so smart blogged ideas are highly rewarded and the esoteric downvoted into oblivion, while the well reasoned multi-factored answers are buried.In as ELI5 as I can: you can't, but you think you do. One of 4 things can happen: Someone is looking at you, and you notice. Someone is looking at you, and you don't notice. Nobody is looking at you, and you notice. Nobody is looking at you, and you don't notice. Now, the first one, you'll remember. You think "why is Johnny looking at me? Has he been looking at me the whole time? That's kinda weird." The 2nd and the 4th, you cannot remember, since you didn't know it was happening. And the 3rd, well, you notice but you don't remember it, usually. Why would you? Nothing happened. People around you just doing their own thing. Let's assume for fun each of these events are equally likely. Then some is looking at you (and you notice) 1 in every 4 times, on average. But it will feel like almost every time, because you don't bother remembering the times when someone isn't looking at you.Cognitive Bias + Statistics = Logical Explanation!
Title. Brought to my attention by the circlejerk off of a 2010 article on r/worldnewsYou've got some good starts at understanding here, so I won't try to explain it. I just wanting to add a good rule of thumb. In general, the more one-sided a person is on this issue, the less they actually know about it. It's so convoluted and complicated, rooted in so much history and so many unfamiliar cultural idiosyncrasies, that it's almost impossible to understand what's going and come down decidedly on one side or the other. Basically, it's a clusterfuck. I've spent a lot of time in the Middle East (in both Israel and Arab countries), and I think I only know enough to know that I don't really get it.Yes! People rarely point out just how labyrinthine it all is. Anyone with claims of understanding is most likely ignoring something. At the end of the day, there's people killing each other and they ought to all just stop.I disagree and let me explain why: If you live right in the middle of a situation (ie: in a country being invaded, or just somewhere where you're living in a hot zone), your life, your family's life, and and all your friends' lives are going to be affected by the situation.
And are major organized religions the reason it became intolerable?It's only recently-- the past 100 years or so-- that homosexuality as we know it now has really existed. This isn't to say that it's a recent invention, of course, but it's only since the trial of Oscar Wilde that homosexuality has really been an orientation rather than a behavior. What this means is that in cultures where homosexuality is/was widespread, engaging in homosexual sex wasn't seen as something that actually made you gay. In the US (and probably Canada and a lot of other Christian-dominated countries as well, but the US is what I know), gay sex made you a Sodomite, but so did a lot of non-reproductive heterosexual sex acts, like oral sex and anal sex. You also get different ideas about sex and gender in different countries. I'll be talking about sex and gender as different things here, so in case you don't know the basic difference, it's that sex is purely biological; it's determined by your genetics, your primary sexual characteristics (genitals), your secondary sexual characteristics (breasts, body hair, shoulder width, etc) and your hormones (how much testosterone, estrogen and progesterone you have in your body). Gender is the social construction of sex; the ideas you have about how women should be and how men should be are not about sex (what nature makes men and women) but about how society expects men and women to behave. The easy trick for remembering this is that "Gender is between the ears, sex is between the legs."
In the very beginning fish had one hole (called a cloaca) that they did everything from (number 1, number 2 and spawning). There may not have been any reason for this, evolution relies on chance to add new features and then natural selection to optimise them, so if by chance the various parts were added to the existing hole instead of a new hole then this would stick. Now while mammals were evolving the part that does both pee and sex happened to start to grow out. As it is an advantage to place sperm further in the female this grew into the penis. Again it just happened by chance that the pee and sex tube grew out together rather than separately, and because it's not really a disadvantage it was never changed. It's like how animals use their mouth for both breathing and eating where it would be a better "design" to keep them separate to help avoid chocking, it's because the fish that had air filled swim bladders (which evolved into lungs) empty into their mouth and not a different part of their body.It's like how animals use their mouth for both breathing and eating where it would be a better "design" to keep them separate to help avoid chocking, it's because the fish that had air filled swim bladders (which evolved into lungs) empty into their mouth and not a different part of their body.
[deleted]You see, this isn't about how "holy" someone is considered to someone else. From an islamic point of view (for the non five-year-olds: this is a sweeping simplification, no religion has a general POV true for every practitioner of the religion), Islam is the end point of a wave of religions starting with Judaism and continuing through Christianity. Basically, the only difference between Christianity and Islam is Muhammad and his teachings. For most muslims this view is confirmed by the fact that christians in islamic countries live a lot more like the local muslims than like christians in the West. So making fun of Muhammad is making fun of the only thing that differentiates Islam from Christianity, and therefore also all of Islam. Another part of the problem is a cultural difference between islamic countries and the West. It's a bit hard to explain, and it's definitely outside of ELI5 territory, but you can imagine that an idea can't exist outside of the relationship between to people. In the West we relate to ideas as something individual and separate from the people who have it. You can ridicule and idea without ridiculing the people who have the idea. An ideology can be made fun of without making fun of the people who adhere to the ideology. In the islamic cultural sphere this is very different. If I offer you a smoke, it's not about offering you a way to sate your potential need for one, it's about showing you that I respect you, and by accepting it, you also respect me. In the religiously heterogenous Middle East, I don't necessarily expect you to convert, but I expect you to show your respect for me by not making fun of them. If you don't accept my beliefs as something to be revered, you're disrespecting me personally, and showing me that you consider my beliefs as inferior to your own.
If I can get a car shipped from Maine to California in a week I should be able to get any generic as seen on tv item from jersey to CA in less than 4-6 WEEKS!! What gives??This is not always the case, but especially with infomercial trinkets, it's not uncommon for the products you're buying not to even be manufactured yet. By allowing long lead times, the seller can gauge response and manufacture just enough to meet demand.It should also be noted that sometimes these dates are arbitrary in that they may already have manufactured product and it might turn up with 2 weeks. But if they say 4-6 weeks then if demand is high, or some other issue occurs, they know you won't complain at them yet and they have a few weeks to get everything sorted!I thought this might be it, but then I thought the 4-6 might not be enough to produce the product. So it's essentially a preorder right?This is what every business dreams of. The idea of getting your before the company does anything, and adding to the company's balance sheet.
[deleted]Better question is why it worked on Earth but not Mars or Venus. Earth is larger and from that fact alone, our core, assuming similar composition, can get denser and hotter. Also the additional gravity allows us to hold our atmosphere better. Earth's moon is also abnormally large compared to the moons of other planets(when compared to the mass of the moons' host planets). Meaning our moon is bigger than normal for our planet size. The gravitational effects of our moon affects our planet more than a smaller moon would. The tidal effects that affect our oceans also tugs on our mantle keeping it in motion and also fluid. The active core generates our magnetosphere that shield us from solar winds that can strip away atmosphere. It's still debatable, but a geologically active core might be a prerequisite. Venus is closer to Earth's mass, but is geologically inactive. (correction : Venus is geologically active, but lava hasn't been observed. It does have a young crust, so that is a sign of geological activity)Excellent answer. This both makes a lot of sense and is easy to understand. I had never really thought of the moon having something to do with the mantle, but it fits!
edit: A ton of great comments and explanations. Thanks a lot guys!Despite what everyone else is saying about it being "Oh, corporate <YOURCOUNTRYHERE> is trying to fuck you over," it's actually because a bit of information was much more important than eight of them back when modems were measured in baud (well, I guess they technically still are). A bit would be represented as a pulse of electricity or a lack of a pulse of electricity. A byte in this context is stupid to refer to (at least according to people in networking). Originally, modems went only 300 bits per second. It was really important to know it could send 300 pulses in a second, rather than 37 and a half bytes per second. As modems got faster, nobody dared change from bits to bytes, fearing that, yes, the consumer would be too stupid and think a slower modem was a faster one. The convention stems from that and I'd consider it a pretty sound convention, although I also think that a lot of people need to learn the difference between a byte and a bit.This is the most correct answer, though not 100% correct. The thing is, it's not about the consumer being stupid; it's about the difference between serial data communication and parallel data communication. For the most part, internet data is transferred serially, which means bit-by-bit, rather than in parallel, which is a group of bits at the same time (which is how data is transferred inside your PC, e.g. from the RAM to the processor). That's why internet speed is measured in Mbps, rather than MBps; it's how the data is transferred.
Just occurred to me today I've been using the defrost button for 20-something years to quickly thaw meats, but have absolutely no idea how it makes a difference.Depends on the microwave, but most of them basically turn the microwave on and off, more off time than on time, to reduce the amount of heating taking place over time. The intent is to allow the item your cooking to warm up more slowly, otherwise you'd end up with a burnt exterior with a frozen center. The outside of whatever you're thawing is where the microwave has its greatest effect while the center doesn't get much direct heat and instead relies on heat to be conducted through the food. So it zaps the outside just enough for it to be warm, takes a break which allows that heat to pass on to the colder parts of the food and then zaps it again and repeats this pattern. Some higher end microwaves instead decrease the intensity of the radiation used; Panasonic "Inverter" microwaves are an example.Afair the Inverter microwaves use two magnetrons (microwave antennae) to let the two microwave beams interfere with one another. By shifting the relative phase of the waves, one can achieve a positive or negative interference - meaning the two beams combine into one with the intensities combined or canceled out. Any intensity between zero and maximum can be achieved that way. UPDATE: I looked into the matter some more and am no longer sure that the Inverters specifically do this. There were some Sharp microwaves some years ago that actually did this, though they were really expensive. I reckon to save money nowadays microwaves use some sort of pulse modulation to achieve the same effect. Not as cool, but just as effective. The cool side of this would be that the microwave could potentially modulate a signal. Some unafraid DIY geek (Don't do this! It's dangerous!) could built him/herself a microwave transmitter out of it. :-)
If one is simply looking up her or his credit score and is not making a purchase on credit, why does his or her credit score take a hit?You may check your own credit rating as often as you'd like with no impact to your overall rating. Creditors (without your knowledge, i.e., those credit card offers you get in the mail) may check your credit rating as often as they'd like without impacting your overall rating. Creditors (acting on your behalf, as in you applied for some sort of credit) checking your credit rating will impact your overall rating. The third situation has the potential of impacting your overall credit rating because this type of query is only done when you apply for credit. The presumption is that if you have applied for additional credit, you are planning on borrowing for something. The impact of the query is nominal and short lived if you don't borrow the money. If you do borrow, then your score would be recalculated based on the other factors (overall credit vs debt, credit history, etc.).So if a person uses a site to check their credit, does that affect their credit (I'm thinking like the ones there are commercials for)? If so, is their another way to check credit?
Bug brains are what we call ganglia. It's the middle ground between regular neurons and an actual brain. Think of it as a simple machine, it reads sensory receptions and then dishes out appropriate responses. There isn't any actual "thinking" going on.So they're robots. But they still react to safety and danger appropriately, so if I'm leaning over and talking to a beetle softly and carefully to win its "trust", have I forged a relationship with the bug? (More importantly, why am I talking to bugs?)This vastly overstates our knowledge of neuroscience.I know this ELI5, but I think the above description is too simplistic to the point that it's a bit misleading. Insects, as we know, aren't simple automata that respond based on instinct and basic stimulus-response reactions; they possess quite impressive cognitive abilities and are able to learn from their environment in complex ways in order to predict future events and consequences. The way they learn, and their cognitive processes, not only can be compared to humans, but the underpinning laws are in fact identical. This is why we use organisms like flat worms and fruit flies to studying learning processes - because the actual behavioral laws (how they observe and respond to the environment) are identical to humans, but their neural system is simpler making it easier to study and experiment with.
Let's pretend that your computer is a treehouse club that you like to play in and invite friends over to. Anti-Virus is like a bouncer standing at the door of the club. Except this guy has a list of bad people who he looks out for and when they try to go into the club he stops them. If there are new bad kids in the neighborhood that the bouncer doesn't know about he might let them in so it is important to make sure his list of bad people is kept up-to-date. It is also important for you to avoid inviting random kids you meet in bad areas of town to come and play. Some places are known hangouts for trouble makers. Norton Anti Virus is a big heavy slow bouncer who asks for money every year and he is clumsy and gets in the way a lot when you are trying to play in the treehouse. Microsoft Security Essentials is a skinny fast martial arts expert who stays out of sight except when he is needed and has a good up-to-date list of bad kids all the time without asking you for any money. There are other good free bouncers out there too. I happen to like Microsoft Security Essentials at the moment. A few years ago AVG Free was good but he has put on a few pounds and slowed down lately in my opinion.
There are 2 ways to do it - For compact cameras it keeps changing the focus back and forth until the image looks the sharpest, then it knows the image is in focus. This is called contrast detect. For DSLRs they have a separate sensor that uses tiny lenses to split the image in two, it's a little hard to explain how it works but when the image is in focus both these separate images line up exactly. It can also tell by how far apart the images are whether the focus is too near or far, so can move the lens straight in the right direction which can be faster than contrast detect. This is called phase detect. Some newer "mirrorless" cameras have phase detect sensors actually on the main sensor, so can use both methods at the same time.Here is an image example of how phase detect would look from a human eye perspective if the diagram didn't really make sense to anyone. Once the focus ring was adjusted, the two black lines would line up, and that is how one would know if their image was in focus.
It isn't well known the reason yet exactly, but there are a few theories about why we cry. First of all, tears come from our tear ducts whose primary function is to cleanse the eye. Scientists in the field have found that humans produce three distinct types of tears: Basal tears meant to moisten the eye (after blinking usually) Reflex tears that are caused from irritation of the eye in order to flush the eye. Emotional tears that result from sadness, pain, and even joy. Numbers 1 and 2 have very clear purposes, but number 3 is a tough question to answer, and many theories have been developed to try to explain why crying may have been a beneficial reaction to emotion. Here are a few I have found. Communication: When we are unable to speak to each other, maybe as infants or even before humans had developed the ability to clearly communicate, crying may have served as a form of telling others that something is wrong and needs to be addressed. An example that is easy to relate to is a crying baby. Usually when the baby cries, this means that he needs to be addressed for one thing or another, even if we might not know exactly what it is.
Over-the-counter drugs have a high therapeutic index, which is a measure of the therapeutic dose versus the lethal dose. A high therapeutic index means there is a large margin between those two doses - meaning it is easy to get to a concentration where the drug is effective, but it is considerably harder to get to a concentration where the drug becomes dangerous. That said, there are different recommendations for administration of these drugs to children and adults - you may see commonly that children are recommended 1 tablet, while adults are 1-2 (basically, "as needed, not exceeding x tablets"). Especially for over-the-counter pain management, the key is managing symptoms, so you only need to take as much as needed to relieve your symptom (without getting a dangerous dose).Acetaminophen (The drug in tylenol) actually has a very narrow therapeutic index. Which means the dose required to help you and the dose required to kill you are not very far apart at all. In fact, it's the number 1 cause of liver failure in the US.
Wow! I was not expecting this much attention. I will try to read through all of your comments, and the material you have provided. Thank you, by the way. Edit: This reached the front page! You guys are awesome.It isn't really a type of science. It is actually a part of philosophy (one of MANY). Metaphysics is meant to explain what things are. If I were to ask you what a pencil was you would say that it is a tool used for writing. Metaphysics asks what makes a pencil a pencil. At what point does the graphite, wood and rubber create our concept of a "pencil"? When these parts are separate they have a different identity than when they come together as a whole. Imagine you had a machine that could take any thing you put in it and tell you things like its mass and what it is made of. It wouldn't be able to tell the difference between a pencil and that same pencil after you snapped it in half. But in our own minds we think of these, essentially identical things, as different. Regular physics describes the rules of things we can usually touch or see. Metaphysics describes the rules of things in our mind. Its like THOUGHT PHYSICS! Philosophy, metaphysics in particular, is pretty interesting. If you ever get a chance take a Philosophy 101 class. If you have any more questions on metaphysics or philosophy in general I'd be thrilled to answer. Edited to be more ELI5 friendly, and because I'm a horrible writer.
I don't understand very much about space, space physics, etc. so I have no idea what would happen. Here's my hypothetical: If you opened a container (let's say a tupperware box) in space, closed it after a few minutes, brought it back down to earth, and opened it... what would be inside? Would nothing be inside and air just get sucked into the box? I'm assuming whatever gas inside the box before opening it would be lost after being exposed in space. I'm expecting a very simple answer and I'm probably just very stupid. Edit: Awesome! Thank you for all the answers and everyone who has contributed to the discussion; I didn't realize that I wasn't the only one who didn't understand "space dynamics" very well. Your collective responses have been amazing and understandable.First off, if you did that with a tupperware container, all you'd get is a bunch of crushed plastic. The pressure differential would destroy the tupperware. But yes, if you had an appropriate vessel, what you would return with is a box of empty space. Nothingness. Open the vessel, and air would rush in.Morgan Freeman: but is nothing...really...nothing?Here's what would happen with a non-suitable container: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JsoE4F2Pb20What're this guy said. Also, the lid would be a proper hassle to remove, due to the pressure.
I have struggled with this myself, especially since I am on disability and my parents don't support me so I have very little money to afford college, but it's basically like this. In the eyes of federal aid you are not legally independent from your parents until the age of 24 unless you are married, have kids, are a grad student, a military veteran, orphan, at the risk of being homeless, or is an emancipated minor. Think of it this way: Many college students between 18-24 do have the tendency to go to their parents in need of money so their parents income and assets need to be included. Two out of three of my siblings (and myself) lived with my mother at some point in our college careers in an attempt to save money because we were going to colleges nearby. I am 24 years old and still seek help from my mother when I am out of food or need a ride to the doctor (not really ashamed of it). In the typical college student situation you tend to see the student seek some loans and assistance from the parental units. The end.Financial aid counselor here- You are precisely correct. Additionally most parents pay their student's tuition at least in part.
For instance, clothes drying when drying inside or a cup of water being empty after a couple of days of being outThink of it like velcro. The air, which in this example represents the hooks on the velcro, is moving across the water's surface. The water molecules are like felt balls, jumping around with some energy. If a ball jumps high enough, and there is space for it on the velcro, it is picked up by this velcro surface. If the puddle has a large surface area, meaning these balls are spread out more, rather than being stacked, the velcro can pick these up much faster because more of them can jump up and attach themselves. And if the velcro is moving quickly across the surface, there's a lot more free space for the balls to latch on, so the puddle dries up quicker. But if the velcro isn't moving very fast, and there's already a lot of felt balls attached to the velcro, the other ones can't latch on. This is called saturation. Also, if the balls aren't jumping very much because they're not very energetic, they won't attach to the velcro, meaning the puddle won't dry up. I hope this answers your question.This is a really good ELI5 answer. Kudos.
I hate tomatoes but love ketchup... my mom can eat tomatoes like apples and I can't stand them. I like yogurt feels like snot in my mouth but my dad inhales it like oxygen. how is it that some of us like foods that others don't, and yet we can all agree on what flavor they are?We may not actually be experiencing food the same way. Look at cilantro, for example. For some people (like me), cilantro smells and tastes savory and mouth-watering. For others, it tastes like soap of all things. As it turns out, cilantro contains a number of different chemicals, but not everyone can detect all of those chemicals. People who find cilantro soap-like, as it turns out, have a gene that allows them to taste certain aldehydes that the rest of us can't detect. In the case of tomatoes, maybe you and your mother are tasting different chemicals without realizing it.Cilantro is especially divisive, though, and it's the only food that I've heard this genetic explanation for. Surely that doesn't account for most food preferences. Right?I smell soap in cilantro. Love how it tastes in foods like salsa or guacamole, but on it's own I wouldn't touch it.
Well, he says a lot of inflammatory things. Some are taken out of context, some might work as jokes in person but make him come across as an ass in text, some are just him trying to be an affable asshole (and failing). He was featured pretty heavily in Indie Game: The Movie, which, depending on your reading, either makes him look like a person under a tremendous amount of pressure starting to crack, or a pretentious, whiny asshole who thinks that everything he does is golden. But really, most of it is overblown. He says some things that rile people up a little bit, and if his work was perfect he would be able to get away with it just fine. But due to his games being flawed on a technical level (although Fez was incredibly ambitions from a design standpoint), lots of the internet expect him to be more apologetic towards the public, which he is not. But watch him in a more natural, unedited setting (Like here) that isn't edited for emotion like a movie and lets you actually hear his tone behind the words and he seems much more normal. Edit: Relevant link that I totally forgot about, Phil Fish watches Indie Game: The Movie, taken right after he sees the film for the first time. "Ed" that he talks about is Ed Mcmillen, one of the creators of Super Meat Boy.
Correct me if I'm wrong but Donald trump is extreme rich so why would he need to file bankruptcy? Isn't this like his 4th time doing it? Is there a benefit from doing this or is he really hurting that bad?People generally declare bankruptcy when their debts are too big to replay them. A normal person might have a $1000 a month mortgage and $500 a month car payment, and $0 in the bank. If they lose their job, and have $0 in the bank, they'd have no way to make the payments, and could declare bankruptcy to keep their lends from taking the car and house back. Now, the ultra rich like Trump wouldn't have normal bills like that. Let's make up a medium rich guy "Joe" because it's easier. Joe is a Doctor and make $250K per year. Joe also has $1M in cash, and his house is worth $1M. He wants to buy a golf course for $10M because he thinks it will make him a lot of more money. So, he borrows $9M adds his own $1M cash, and buys the golf course. The golf course makes enough money that he can pay the bank back the $9M he owes them. But, then, the economy goes down, and the golf course doesn't make enough money. He still owes the bank $8M on the golf course, but he's out of cash. To make matters worse, the golf course is now only worth $5M. The only other thing he has left is his house. Now, keep in mind. Joe is still making $250K per year as a doctor. So, he can still go on vacation and buy stuff. But his debts ($8M) are too large for him to back on his income of $250K per year. He's a broke rich guy. To a normal person, he may look "Rich", but he still can't pay his debts. Let's look at how much money he has:
I am reteaching myself math, but something is bugging me soooo bad and I can't find the answer. What is a real life example of multiplying a fraction by a fraction? I was wondering why .05 to the 5th exponent would get smaller not bigger. This is driving me bonkers.First off, the problem that metal in a microwave causes most often is that the metal can reflect and focus microwaves into food or onto the walls, causing things to burn or melting the walls. The worst thing that can happen is the metal reflects the energy right back into where they came from, damaging the Magnetron, the thing that makes the microwaves that cook your food. The walls of the microwave do the same thing, but are designed to evenly reflect the microwaves around the microwave without reflecting them back into the magnetron. The reason you might see sparks when you place a metal object in a microwave is that metal will naturally pick up a static charge when hit with lots of energy. When this happens in a microwave, it happens with enough energy and for long enough to see the static charge overcome gaps between one area of the metal and another, causing it to arc across, creating a spark.I assume that these charges can also build on the walls of the microwave, but we don't see arcing because they are grounded. Am I correct?MAGNETRON! Sounds like a giant Decepticon living in the center of Cybertron
Hey guys! Just wanted to say a few words here. In just a few months, ELI5 has turned from a crazy, middle-of-the-night idea I had during this past summer off from teaching...into an explosively popular subreddit that's now bigger than I had ever hoped (hitting 50,000 subscribers a few weeks ago.) I'm still amazed by that -- but I'm even more amazed at what an amazing community this has become, and how much knowledge is being shared. This could not have been possible without all you amazing subscribers -- as well as our truly dedicated and fantastic mod staff. I'd dare anyone to browse around ELI5 for twenty minutes and not come away having learned something new - or been taught to think of something in a new way. That's pretty awesome. Having said that, I want to clarify what myself and the rest of the mods believe ELI5 exactly is and is not. And while we understand that the idea and subreddit itself will continue to grow and evolve, there are some things we would like to clarify: -- As we say in the sidebar, ELI5 is a place to receive simple explanations to complicated issues. "Simple explanations" does NOT ALWAYS HAVE TO BE an allegory or metaphor. (However, if this works best for the explanation, great!) Point is: As long as the explanation is simple and as thorough as possible, it belongs in ELI5. -- A word about the whole "five-year-old" thing: Yes, I named this place "Explain Like I'm Five", but really, it's more of a title to be catchy. Please, please stop arguing about what a five-year-old would understand...or would ask about. We all know most five-year-olds wouldn't ask questions about politics, or sex, or economics -- but those are some of our best posts, and fall wholly within the spirit of ELI5. Believe me, I work on a campus where there are actual five-year-olds running around, and trust that you would NOT want this subreddit to be dominated by those kinds of questions (or answers.) -- For goodness sakes, if you disagree with a submission, please use the downvote button. We don't need to continue the infighting about what belongs here and what doesn't. If you disagree with the LOGIC behind an answer, please feel free to reply with a rebuttal! But...we don't need to argue here and be uncivilized. It's "Explain Like I'm Five"...not Act Like I'm Five. Remember, subreddits work because they're ultimately controlled by YOU, the community. YOU ultimately decide -- via upvotes and downvotes -- what's good content and what isn't. It's not our job as mods to police you -- and you honestly don't need it. You've proven yourselves to be an incredibly intelligent community. The VAST majority of content in ELI5 is awesome, in terms of both questions and answers. This is, at its heart, a place to ask questions without fear of judgment or ridicule. That means ANY question. Think it's better suited for AskReddit, another subreddit or maybe not even Reddit at all? Cool. Downvote and move on. I say again: If you don't like a submission, downvote and move on. Enough infighting. Allow the system to work. It really, truly does as a whole. On another note -- if you LOVE a submission or answer, don't forget to submit it into our ongoing compilation, "The Five Year Old's Guide To The Galaxy! You can find a link to submit and view in the sidebar any time you visit ELI5. I want to thank those of you who have contacted us recently and asked for a statement such as this to go out -- as well as those of you who've made the meta posts to begin with, too. Your mods will always be here to listen to each of you who've made this place so great, and hopefully this note lets you know that our non-interventionist stance on most posts does NOT mean we're not keeping an eye on this place. We're right here, loving this subreddit as much as the crazy day it started. We appreciate every message and every post, and will continue to strive to do our best to keep ELI5 a place of learning and discovery. To that end: As of today, we will be removing any meta, "what is the nature of ELI5" posts. Questions -- and the occasional "unsolicited explanation" posts -- only, please. I hope this note has cleared up things a little, our mission, our goals, all of that. As always, feel free to message the mods as a whole or me personally if you have any questions or comments. Thank you guys for being kick-ass ELI5'ers. With gratitude, bossgalagaThank you, those posts honestly get in the way of my enjoyment of the subreddit.A word about the whole "five-year-old" thing: Yes, I named this place "Explain Like I'm Five", but really, it's more of a title to be catchy. Please, please stop arguing about what a five-year-old would understand...or would ask about. We all know most five-year-olds wouldn't ask questions about politics, or sex, or economics -- but those are some of our best posts, and fall wholly within the spirit of ELI5. Believe me, I work on a campus where there are actual five-year-olds running around, and trust that you would NOT want this subreddit to be dominated by those kinds of questions (or answers.) THANK YOU. I'm so tired of the 'OMG A 5yo wouldn't understand this!' posts and comments.
I was looking in the mirror just earlier and realised noticable it was. What's up with that?It actually may have very little to do with being tired. The causes range from allergies, to water retention to damage from rubbing your eye and exhaustion or even simply heredity. When you're tired, your skin can get dull and dehydrated, causing hollow areas below your eyes and allowing dark blood vessels and tissue beneath your skin to show through, according to the New York Times. The thin, delicate skin around your eyes may be especially susceptible. Sleeplessness can also cause fluids to accumulate around your eyelids, puffing them up so that they cast dark shadows onto the area under your eyes, according to the Mayo Clinic. To understand what causes them, we need to look at the nose. The most common cause of those dark bluish circles under the eyes is congestion around the nose. You see, the veins around the underside of the eyes drain into the veins of the nose. When your nose becomes congested or is blocked up, those veins become restricted and the flow of blood is reduced. This causes the flow of blood under the eyes to slow. The veins under the eyes become engorged causing them to swell larger and appear darker. The most common cause of congestion is allergies and the most common allergens are pet dander, house dust, pollen and foods such as milk wheat, and chocolate.
Tennessee* Proofreading isn't my strong-suit. Especially when typing from my phone.Well for one thing we wont need to change the flag when Peurto Rico becomes a state.Mexico successfully invades Texas. Finally.I was just thinking that the other day.Well, the supreme court tells them off, the president says "Stop this nonsense," the people get pissed at their lawmakers. Should none of that stop secession efforts, then things get interesting. National guard would close the borders of the states, no one in or out. After a waiting period, they would likely allow people to leave as refugees. Should efforts to starve them out fail (They will), the army will likely move in to occupy. However many guns are in the state, they won't hold up to tanks, drones, and an organized military. We'll have some light guerrilla warfare, some light counterinsurgency, and after a while, the state gets taken back. Those deemed responsible for the treasonous efforts would be put to death, many more put in prison, and you'd have some good old-fashioned Civil war style reconstruction (Which is to say they'll be left to stagnate and rebuild themselves, only growing their disunity and hatred for people not from their state.)
Yup, I'm ~40 years old and understand the concept of using a bidet, but not exactly, not specifically. Where does the water come from? What opening? (answered) Where does it hit on your body? Like, directly on the anus? The taint? All over the place down there? (answered) What sort of stream of water is it? Jet, stream, mist, etc? (answered) Can you adjust the aim of the water? (answered) How hard does the water hit your body? (answered) Can you adjust the water pressure? (answered) Is it possible for water to go inside your anus? If so, wouldn't you worry about leaking anal fluid? (answered) Do women use the bidet to pee? (answered) Do you use toilet paper at all when using a bidet? If yes, how do you dry off the water? If no, then why use a bidet to start with? (answered) Do you flush twice? Once to get rid of the bodily waste and secondly to get rid of poo water? Is there some other mechanism? (answered) Edit: What temperature is the water? (answered) Do you poop in the toilet, flush, then shift over to the bidet to clean yourself? (answered)Alright I'm an American and I have a bidet that you can add on to a toilet. I will say this, using a bidet is awesome not only does it cut down on toilet paper usage, but you feel more clean down there. There are many types of add-on bidet ranging from a simple water pressure operated one to electric ones that have heated seats and a deodorizer. If anyone is wondering this is the bidet I own: Joy Bidet HC-3 Later on when I get a house I plan on buying one of the fancy Coco bidets which start at $300 (since with my current apartment setup unless I drill through a wall I don't have access to an outlet or the hot water source under the sink). Where does the water come from? What opening? You connect the bidet using a T connecter to the same tube that fills the back of the toilet. Where does it hit on your body? Like, directly on the anus? The taint? All over the place down there? The bidet I have is a water pressure operated one so I have to shift to get the water to hit different areas. The electric bidets (like a CoCo bidet) have a spout that you can adjust without shifting around. But basically anywhere in the crack area.
Tried Wikipedia but it makes no sense whatsoever to me. Any explanation would be great.Social darwinism is an attempt to use Darwin's idea of natural selection, or "the survival of the fittest," to explain or, in my experience usually justify, the mistreatment of one group of humans by another. In normal polite discourse, it is almost never a good thing to be accused of being a Social Darwinist. Social Darwinism has an ugly history of being used to justify mistreatment of groups of people and even genocide. People who may subscribe to some ideas of Social Darwinism usually don't like to use the term because of the ugly connotations. Here's an example: why are some people poor? The Social Darwinist would say some people are poor because they are dumber, lazier, or otherwise not as capable of competing with smarter, harder working, richer people. Similar to how natural selection causes less fit types of organisms get outcompeted by more fit ones, the Social Darwinist would believe that poor people will over time be removed from the gene pool because they cannot compete with the people who are more fit. Basically, survival of the fittest for humans. Here's where it gets really ugly. If you believe in survival of the fittest for humans, you might think it is in humanity's best interest and therefore your duty to oppress or even kill the "lesser people." This leads to all kinds of persecutions. How do groups wind up on the list of "lesser people?" Usually, historical biases. Nazi Germany is sometimes considered to be a Social Darwinist regime (there is some debate about their motivations). They believed the Aryan race to be superior to the Jews and gypsies and actively tried to kill them. By exterminating the undesirables they believed they were making the gene pool stronger. So Social Darwinism became a justification to murder millions of people they didn't like. It is pretty easy to see how Social Darwinism can be used to justify genocide.
Never really made sense to me. You put a 6 month old puppy in the water and BAM! he/she can just cruise around no problem. Put a 8 year old or an 18 year old in the water for the first time and they could very easily drown. Edit 1: There are so many different theories as to why dogs can swim and why babies can cannot can? I think I'm more confused now then when I first posted.... Edit 2: People seem to be arguing about "thrashing about to stay afloat" vs actual "swimming". My point is that if you put a dog out in a lake for the first time they could probably swim to shore and get out, but a human would probably just trash about and have trouble (at the very least) treading water.Dogs are built different then humans the center-point of a dogs weight is higher up on their bodies then humans also their lungs are higher up on that centerline acting like floats. Dog's heads kind of stick right up out of their lungs which act like little floaties. So the big difference is that when you throw a dog into the pool its head is allready sticking out of the water. It doesn't need to worry so much about breathing. That baby knows just about as much about swimming as the dog, it even knows to hold its breath, but since it is built differently in order to breathe it needs to lift its head out of the water. Lifting its head forces the rest of its body down and the baby can't get a breath so it drowns. This is not based on science or a study of scuba babies, just teaching a lot of kids to swim and loving dogs.TIL dogs > babies.Thank you for actually answering the question.Not all dogs can swim. We had a beagle that once jumped into the lake off the end of a dock and started flipping out. His ass end went straight down and his head was above water and he started paddling in a circle. We had to jump in to haul his ass out and save him.
As you say, it's a mirage. When it's very hot, the ground gets heated by the sun. The ground then heats the layer of air closest to it, by conduction. Given time, the hot air will rise - but initially, the air near the ground is hotter. Light from the sky, as it travels to your eyes, has to travel through the highest layers of air first. It then moves into the lower, hotter layers of air. As it crosses this boundary, it changes speed - and when a wave changes speed, refraction will occur, which means that the light wave will change direction - or bend. So when the light from the sky reaches your eyes, the direction it's coming from is not from the sky, because its course has been bent. Your brain sees the light from the sky, and it appears to be coming from the ground in the distance. The only explanation your brain can find for this is that there is a puddle in the distance, and that you are seeing the sky reflected in the puddle.Your are not completely right. What happens isn't refraction but total internal reflection actually the light doesn't even move "into" the hotter layer. What happens is total reflection and it happens when light goes from an optical denser medium onto an optical lighter medium at an low angle.
In and around your joints is a very special fluid called "synovial fluid." This fluid is like oil or lubricant for the joints. This fluid kind of feels like egg yolk and it is great at making sure your joints don't grind together and hurt. This fluid is made by a kind of skin or membrane inside your joints called a "synovial membrane." Now this fluid is pretty cool. It not only oils up the joints but it also protects them from damage. The fluid becomes kind of tough when a force is put on it and immediately goes back to normal when the force is gone (edit for those of you wondering this is called a shear thickening fluid or a dilatant). Synovial fluid also contains quite a few gases like the oxygen you breath in and the carbon dioxide, which you breathe out. The fluid also contains nutrients and so the fluid helps put good stuff into the cells it touches (and cartilage) and takes the waste out, like carbon dioxide. When you crack your knuckles you are making a small separation between your joints. This separation increases the volume of the space that your synovial fluid likes to sit in (since you are pushing your bones up and down more than they usually go). Now synovial fluid likes to fill up the entire space it sits in, by quickly making the volume or space larger it creates what we call a "negative pressure" like a vacuum almost around around the fluid. When this happens there isn't enough fluid to fill the space so it gets filled by the gases in the fluid. Usually the gases stay in the fluid (they stay in solution like when you dissolve salt in water) but the gas only stays in the fluid (at body temperature) under a certain pressure, when you decrease the pressure the gas gets to escape. This forms a bunch of bubbles that quickly pop and make the cracking sound you hear.
[deleted]Mainly because it's sort of lost to the obscurity of history by being sandwiched between the end of World War II and the start of Vietnam. I think war fatigue and the fact that the other two wars get so much attention for such vastly different reasons that Korea just gets overlooked. That's not to say that the Korean war should be diminished in any way, just that the timing has been unkind to it with regard to history. On a related note: If you visit DC, the Korean War Memorial is awesome and right beside the Lincoln and Vietnam memorials. Totally worth the extra 15 minutes and, sadly, overlooked a lot as well.Wow you're right. That thing is quite memorable in a freaky as hell sort of way.Agreed. My grandfather is a Korean War vet and can't really travel much at this point, so on a recent trip to DC I took a ton of picture of the KW Memorial and brought them back to show him. It's quite impressive looking and I saw a very touching note left by a group of South Korean tourists.
I actually wrote a thesis on this. Bad words are related to culture (including time period). Whatever is considered socially unacceptable in that culture is usually the root of the bad word. I am going to use American society as an example because I think it has a pretty good timeline of cursing (and it is what I used in my paper). Many Americans come from Christian backgrounds, especially back in the 1800s. So you will find that older people consider words like 'goddamnit' and 'hell' to be bad words. A curse word takes what is sacred and violates it, so anything with the word 'god' used in vain, or saying, 'Jesus Christ' is considered naughty. Then, moving up some years, sex became a much more unsure thing, so curse words that became more and more popular revolved around sex-- 'fuck' became the naughtiest of the naughty. Words like, 'dick', 'cunt', etc. also became bad. Cunt, I think is the most interesting word because to this day, people who are ok with saying fuck still won't say cunt. There's something very uncomfortable and sacred about vaginas for people in America. In this day and age, you might think that every cuss word boundary has been crossed-- even PG13 movies are allowed to have one 'fuck'. But current American society still has curse words-- racial and homophobic slurs. Even people who are comfortable using all the above words in public still consider themselves above using words like 'nigger' or 'faggot'. In this day and age, we consider the personal identity to be sacred, and insulting anything that has to do with that in a big cultural no-no.
It rained yesterday where I live and noticed a number of dried up earth worms on the sidewalk.A. Dr. Dennis Linden, Cindy Hale, and other worm experts say that worms do NOT surface to avoid drowning. In fact, they come to the surface during rains (especially in the spring) so they can move overland. The temporarily wet conditions give worms a chance to move safely to new places. Since worms breathe through their skin, the skin must stay wet in order for the oxygen to pass through it. After rain or during high humidity are safe times for worms to move around without dehydrating. It is true that, without oxygen, worms will suffocate. But earthworms can survive for several weeks under water, providing there is sufficient oxygen in the water to support them. http://www.learner.org/jnorth/search/WormNotes3.htmlBut why would worms need to move overground when they can ove underground perfectly fine, and safer too?I was constantly late to school as a kid because I was "rescuing" worms. They'd crawl onto the pavement and fry during the day, so I would pick them up and put them back on the land. Probably pissed them off in a way. Them and my teachers.
Anything that you need to survive feels good when you need it. Try not breathing (for just a few seconds) and see how good that first breath feels. Or try not eating for several hours past mealtime. You feel very hungry, and the food tastes so good. Sleep is the same way. When you need sleep, it feels very good because that's what your body needs. This is because of evolution. Creatures that didn't enjoy eating, sleeping, or breathing wouldn't live very long, and wouldn't have much of a chance to make baby creatures like them. Creatures that did survived longer, and had little baby creatures that liked the same things. This is part of the reason why Mommy and Daddy love each other so much, too. Creatures who ahem love each other are more likely to survive and have babies. You'll learn more about that when you're older. You'd just think it's yucky right now. (There's a lot of kissing.)Haha. Thanks for that mental image! Your explanation makes a lot of sense. Like peeing after holding it in for so long...
I've never really understood what happened here, I guess because of the popularity of those t-shirts I always thought he was a hero or something.. But I hear he isn't all he is cracked up to be?I would actually suggest reading through his Wikipedia page if nothing else. Perhaps not quite an ELI5 answer, but you seem generally curious so I'll give it a bit of a shot. Che is one of the more controversial figures of the last century and people have very polarized views about him. In my mind a lot of people either idealize a lot about both him and the ideals he stood for while ignoring his flaws, contradictions, and less than desirable traits or the do the complete opposite and condemn him for his ideology and actions, but refuse to acknowledge anything that might portray him in a positive light. If you read much about his life, at the very least you will find that he was certainly an interesting character. I'm not going to give you his life history as you could easily just glance at that wikipedia article or some other online source or the numerous books about him. However, even as a young man he was a pretty interesting guy. Maybe not one of those people who you want to be friends with, but one of those individuals that is driven by their beliefs. He was far more educated than most people of that time and place and would do cool things like take long introspective motorcycle rides through multiple countries just because he felt like it. He was very much about helping out the poor and weak and largely came to associate their repression by greedy upper classes and consumer culture and capitalism. This sort of ideology seems to strike a chord with a lot of people and is probably at least partially why some of your friends like him.
This really gets me frustrated. The logic that I have is, when a company says unlimited, it means UNLIMITED. As far as cell phone companies go, this is not the case even though they advertise unlimited. What is their logic behind this?First off, unlimited has multiple definitions. It can literally mean without limits or it can mean infinite. When you see unlimited in marketing material, it can refer to either of these definitions. In regards to cell phone companies, they generally use the second definition. All companies that I know of that offer unlimited data do provide infinite data (with the only limit being the time you have to pull down that data at a given speed). The limit that customers generally complain about is when they limit your speed after a certain threshold has been reached. That doesn't stop you from continuing to download as much as you want. So by that definition, the data connection is still infinite or unlimited.To expand a bit. Sethis is talking about how much candy you can eat for the whole month versus how much you can eat per day. Let's say mom is going to let you eat as much candy as you want (unlimited). You eat a piece a day, sometimes two. On the 10th day, you've had 15 pieces of candy. Mom is worried that you'll get sick, so she starts limiting how much candy you can eat. It is still unlimited in the sense that you can keep eating candy, but how much you get to eat at a time is being rationed.
I mean, the authors could be selling far more books if all people that wished to read it were forced to buy their works instead of simply borrowing them for free. Don't misunderstand me, I love public libraries. Viva la bibliotheque, I just don't really understand :)Publishers can make money from libraries, but it differs depending on what type of material we're talking about. Libraries purchase material from publishers just like anyone else. Be it physical books, ebooks, newspapers, journals, or electronic subscriptions to databases. The difference is libraries get a lot of use out of physical books. A library will purchase 5 copies of a book, and those 5 copies will ultimately be used by thousands a hundred or so patrons. The downside for the publisher is that those are customers not purchasing their book at the store. But I think plenty of people still purchase books at traditional book stores. If a library only has two copies of a new release, do you want to wait in a queue of 50 patrons to get it? Or would you rather eat the $20 and get it immediately? Plenty of people still make the choice to purchase it directly. Publishers of electronic databases do make a profit from library subscriptions. For example, a University library will subscribe to databases of scholarly journals which library patrons (students, faculty) use for research. Subscriptions to these databases are expensive, sometimes occupying 60-70% of a library's acquisition budget. But they are necessary, so libraries spend the money. This is an interesting topic for libraries when it comes to ebooks. Publishers are trying to set limits on how many times a library can circulate an ebook. If I purchase as an ebook, the publisher may tell me I can only circulate the ebook version to 20-30 patrons before I have to pay again. As pointed out, the publisher can delete the ebook any time they want. Libraries have to pay more for ebooks, but users want ebooks, so we're forced to spend the money.
[deleted]Quick answer: The first computers were actually programmed directly in binary, by writing zeros and ones with switches.A concept closely related to this question that I feel is worth explaining is [bootstrapping](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bootstrapping_(compilers)). We start with a computer that can read machine code, instructions in the form of ones and zeros. You write programs directly in the machine code. Old magazines often had program listings for you to type in, in hexadecimal code (hexadecimal has 16 different "numbers," each equivalent to a unique 4-bit binary sequence. e.g. the sequence 1010 is represented by an 'A'. 1011 is a 'B'). Writing code this way is rather difficult, so assembly language was invented. The structure was the same as machine code, but mnemonics were invented for each instruction, like ADD, MOV, and SUB. Of course, the computer cannot execute assembly, so a program was written to translate assembly into machine code, called an assembler. So now we can write our programs in assembly, have them translated by the assembler and all is good and jolly in the programming world.
Seems like people are using this in many cases as a substitute for r/answers. (You don't need a five-year-old's explanation of why a dog turns in a circle before laying down, just an explanation.)Hey, thanks for your concern. We as mods have decided that our community as a whole should decide what's "complicated" and what isn't. The idea of what's "complicated" and requires a simplified answer gets into way-too-subjective territory for us as just a handful of mods. There are countless examples of questions I personally may have considered "simple" on their face, then turned into some of our best posts. As with most things Reddit, I urge you (and the rest of the community) to downvote and move on if you see a post you feel doesn't belong here. That -- not overaggressive and megalomaniacal moderation -- is the way we're going to get the best possible community here. If you'd like to discuss this further, feel free to PM me anytime! Edit: Also, just as a heads-up: We made a post a few months ago saying that we'd be removing meta posts like this about the nature of ELI5 (we were just getting too many of them.) So we'll leave this up for a day or so, because I think community discussion is good, but after that we'll be taking it down based on this previous announcement. Until then, please use this space to let us know what you would like from us as a mod staff so that we may better help facilitate the community you'd like to see. Thanks so much for being part of ELI5!
I get that fire is a chemical reaction and that things with a lot of stored energy can be released, like a piece of wood. But how does a stable log of wood all of a sudden turn into this burning flaming thing when it gets a little warm? And why does it look the way it does?The LI5 version: There are two types of chemical reactions, those that require heat to work and others that give off heat as they work. When you set fire to a piece of wood, the wood starts to react to the air around it. This reaction gives off an immense amount of heat that causes the gasses in the air to glow. These glowing gasses are what we call fire, or flames. There's a lot of different things that will make a flame look the way it does, a couple of these things are heat, how much air there is to burn, and what is being burnt. Some metals will cause a green fire when burnt (copper) while others create a very bright white flame than can hurt your eyes if you stare at it (magnesium) The LI12 version: Little bit more complicated, fire is actually the product of what we call oxidation, or the material being burnt reacting to the oxygen in the air we breathe. picture this, You've got ball you've made out of Lego blocks, if you pick it up and shake it, it will fall apart, blocks will fall off it. That's what happens to the wood when you set fire to it, but the 'blocks' will stick to other blocks in the air and form ash (the white stuff that's left after a wood fire)
Is it really as big of a deal as they're making it out to be?I saw this live on cnn and cspanI went to the cnn.com site for the jodi arias trial and they had Benghazi on there. So had to go to Huffington post.Do you understand what cspan is?Every news network has to cover stories that it thinks are important. If other news networks aren't covering this live it's because the people who make that decision don't think their viewers would want to watch it (and therefore they'd have less of an audience, and it would hurt advertising income in a general sense, which as a business they want to avoid). Fox obviously reached a different conclusion, either because they have a different understanding of their viewers, or because they have viewers with different interests, likely both. There are many times when Fox doesn't cover stories other news networks do, and vice versa. They have a different audience. It's like asking why doesn't E! cover the financial market, because the people who watch E! don't want to see that.
Just from watching videos, it looks like they are busy turning knobs and flipping switches, but then I've seen clips where they will dive into the crowd for several minutes with no discernible affect on the music. I realize that the songs are probably mixed differently from what's on the album, but couldn't they just be playing a pre-recorded mix and pretending to be manipulating the equipment?Back in the days, when laptops were not used for live performances, the main task for a DJ was basically to beatmatch 2 tracks. This was done by listening to the track you want to play next on your headphones and concentrate on the beat to get an approximation on the bpm (beats per minutes). Now you check out the track that is currently playing and do the same. If you're really good at bpm counting you can get a pretty precise result that is +/-1 of the exact bpm the track really is. All these information tell you which track is slower and which one is faster. Now you either fade in the song that is currently playing to your headphones or just slide one side of the headphone off of an ear and listen to the speakers. The tricky part is to pitch THE NEXT TRACK (you will never want to pitch the current track, because the audience would hear it) so it aligns with the current track playing. Once the beats are matching (meaning: there is no stuttering, or the beats don't sound like a "horse-gallop") you need to keep listening to this for some more and hear if the tracks stay beatmatched. This is often not the case, especially at the beginning of this process. If you hear the tracks not aligning anymore, you need to repitch (run slowlier/faster) the next track. Think of 2 marathon-athletes: The guy in the lead is running slowlier than the guy behind him. Naturally, the guy behind him overtakes him. At the moment where he's overtaking him they are "beatmatched". Now: if they would run the same speed, they'd run next to each other (beatmatched) forever, but since one guy is faster, he will overtake the guy in the lead and start running in front of him. To make them run next to each other again we'd have to tell the guy now in the lead to run slowlier, or the guy now behind to run faster.
To cats, petting feels like grooming. Cats groom by licking themselves to stay clean, they self-groom to comfort themselves when they're upset (displacement grooming), and they also groom each other as social contact. Cats aren't pack animals like dogs, but they are still social creatures. Mother cats groom their kittens, and friendly cats will groom each other to bond—especially nice-feeling because they can wash the other cat's head/neck/ears, which are very hard to lick clean properly on your own body! (A lone cat will lick a paw and use it as a face washcloth.) The mutual grooming also mingles the cats' scent, which makes them feel comfortable; "This is my space / my community, we smell like each other." So to a human-friendly cat, being stroked/petted by a friendly human: reminds the cat of being groomed soothingly by its mother; mimics social grooming and gives the cat a nice scratch on itchy head-places it can't reach; and spreads the cat's scent on you & vice versa, putting you together as a community. Note that petting the cat doesn't really properly clean it and leaves human skin oil all over the fur, which is why a cat will go into ecstasies at being petted and then promptly lick smooth all the fur that hands touched. This is also why cats hate being stroked against the fur "grain." Also also, when a cat really likes you, it may return the grooming favor, with its rough sandpapery tongue on your tender skin. Ouch!
Most of the chemicals aren't actually added by humans they are present in tobacco plant. Some chemicals are added to preserve freshness and whatnot. The word chemical has gotten a bad rap because of the organic/green movement. Not al chemicals are bad. There are thousands of chemicals in an apple, but nobody complains about that. I'm not saying cigarettes are harmless by any means, but you have to understand that when they say there are 4000 chemicals in a cigarette it is a form of propaganda. The main culprit in cigarettes is a class of chemicals called polycyclic hydrocarbons. These aren't actually present in the cigarette they are produced when it burns. Any organic material (i.e. food, wood, oil, etc.) will produce polycyclic hydrocarbons when burned. Most polycyclic hydrocarbons are carcinogens.Indeed. This is the correct answer. Any plant is made up of hundreds of chemicals. When you burn something, what's happening is a rapid chemical reaction where these hundreds of different organic molecules react with oxygen. The organic molecules that plants, or you or I, are made from are a kind of molecule called a hydrocarbon. These are long strings and weird shapes made out of hydrogen and carbon atoms, which like to stick together in all sorts of interesting ways.
Wikipedia has a List of Country-name Etymologies, several cases emerge: "Evolution" of names given by older civilizations to certain Territories (Hispania via Roman Empire for Spain, Cipangu via China for Japan) This is the most common thing going on, older tribes that later formed a country gave a certain name to some other tribe or group, which then evolved into that country's name for the other. Literal Translation from Language to Language (Reino Unido for United Kingdom in Spanish) "Land of (tribe or group)" formula (Kazakhstan, Deutschland, Mongolia) Names describing what it is, or what once was, found there. (Cameroon, Honduras, Ivory Coast) Most names go through certain transformation to make it more easy to say or write. EDIT: As gggrrrreaaat points out: Some are "straight-up political, like how the Palestinian National Authority is just called "Palestine" by Palestinians or how Taiwan calls itself the Republic of China but is called Taipei whenever the Democratic People's Republic of China has a say."
This is certainly not the case with all foods, but I think there's a few things at play here. Disclaimer: I'm no doctor: Eating gets your digestive system going in general. I'm not an expert, and couldn't find anything about this in a quick search on Wikipedia. But anecdotally, I think this rings true / is generally accepted. This means if anything you eat manages to sneak through via #2 and #3, it's more likely to come out shortly after you've eaten (and thus seem like 'it went right through you'). 1.5) I'd wager that you're not having Taco Bell for breakfast, but rather, more mild food. Probabilistically, most of these big Taco Bell, Chinese Take-out, etc meals center in one 6ish hour period around lunch and dinner. Since the bulk of your food intake is around this time window, that all comes out centered in a similarly-sized window of time. In other words, if you graphed all peoples' pooping times, they're not equally likely to poop at all times in the day. You're likely to eat an abnormal meal and then around the same time, poop something else out. 2) 24-72hrs is an average, and it's the solid matter that takes the most time to break down. Liquids can go through more quickly, and can more readily seep through the various 'blockers' your digestive system sets up to compartmentalize itself (like the sphincter between stomach and small intestine). Hot sauces especially (chile oils for instance) are good at this, since they can also irritate those 'blockers'. So when #1/1.5 happens, some parts of what you recently ate can already be close to the finish line.
I just read an article about those problems on Wikipedia but I understood just about nothing of that. Can anyone explain any of those problems in simple language? Especially the one that was solved. Thanks.The Poincaré Conjecture. Whoo boy. This one's rough. I only understand three of the millenium prize problems, and this is the one that takes the most background info. I'll try to be as non-rigorous and quick about it as possible. I. Euclidean Spaces I assume you've heard of some of the following concepts: points, lines, planes, space. These are the "Euclidean spaces" in 0 dimensions, 1 dimension, 2 dimensions, and 3 dimensions respectively. What does that mean? The dimension of a space is the fewest number of directions you need to get anywhere. In a plane, you can get anywhere by going in the east-west direction a bit and then north-south a bit. In space you need to add in up-down. On a line, you only need east-west. On a point, well, you don't need anything at all. Good? Good. So why are they Euclidean? That just means they're not curved and they have no holes. Not curved means if you walk in a line you'll never get back home. A sphere is curved. If you walk in a line, you'll get back home. No holes means any roundtrip path you take can be shrunk down progressively smaller until it becomes a point. Why? Well, if you tore a hole through a piece of paper and made a looping path around it, you could shrink it and shrink it all you wanted, but you wouldn't be able to make it a point without hopping over the hole.
I realize they are turned different ways- but do they represent a different type of information being presented? URL's have forwardslashes while I've noticed that logon's and domains frequently have backslashes.Follow up: How about outside of computing? Is there a rule for / vs ? I would normally write and/or, but would and\or also be acceptable?outside of computing, forward slash is considered the default.In math, it means "without" or "excluding."Outside of computing, there is only the "forward" slash. It dates back to Latin (where it was used in a similar manner to how we use the comma), and became used as shorthand for and/or centuries ago. The backslash, on the other hand, was a wholly new symbol created in the 1961 exclusively for computing applications. Interestingly, 'slash' as a word has entered the vernacular as slang in recent years – people say it in sentences, but also write out (as in, "She was my best friend slash harshest critic.") This is rather remarkable, because while slang gives us lots of new nouns and verbs, it's quite rare that it gives us a new conjunction.
Honestly, it's because people are largely unaware of what the Affordable Care Act (ACA) actually says. Most people can tell you the talking points but can't say what provisions in the law they actually disagree with. I just happened to take a health law course last spring to fill in my schedule; I attend a law school that isn't Ivy League by any stretch of the imagination but oddly has one of the top-ranked health law programs in the country. Based on the timing, a huge portion of the course was dedicated to the ACA. Let me tell you, I would not know anything about what that law says if I hadn't taken that class. I was really shocked because I realized that I hadn't heard anything accurate about it up to that point, and I'm pretty well-informed. There has been virtually no effort to educate the public about what the ACA does and how it will affect the average "Joe Everyman" taxpayer and I really don't understand why. So without actual information to go on, people have determined that they're for or against it based on which way they lean politically. You can't blame them; what the hell else are they supposed to do? I actually tested it out this summer when I went to visit family. My dad's side of the family is strongly Republican, lots of veterans and cops (and fiercely proud of it), very religious, and very anti-Obama for the most part. I knew the ACA would come up because the Supreme Court decision was going to be released any day, and decided to test this out. When people started talking about it, I put out my "hypothetical" version of healthcare as an example of what the compromise should look like. And I just rattled off provisions of the ACA. The reaction was universally positive; people "my" ideas and were sitting there bitching about why we had to have Obamacare instead of a great plan like that. You should have seen their faces when I told them the good news that my plan was actually the one being implemented. In the past couple months, the few family members I've actually heard from since then have told me they're really angry about being misled and misinformed about the law before I had said anything.
Edit: Yes, I do mean most of us. It's also interesting to note that we all have different variations of sticking out our tongue. Some of us move them around, while others chew on them or simply stick them out. Additionally, I found that some things I would expect to trigger this for me don't, while others do. I am completely straight faced when I play guitar, but when I start coloring, I look like a little kid again.Sticking your tongue out or biting your lip while concentrating is not really that weird. Michael Jordan was famous for his tongue sticking out while going up for a dunk. It is an example of what’s called motor overflow or motor disinhibition. It happens sometimes when our brains are working really hard at something. Normally, the brain keeps the brakes on the parts of the body it doesn’t want to move. However, when we concentrate really hard on a tough task, sometimes the brain lifts the brakes on other parts of the body (most often the face, lips, tongue, etc.) making them move without our control. As we get older our brains get better at controlling the brakes (inhibition) and the motor overflow goes away most of the time, but some people still have this happen when they are grown ups. There are studies that show it is more common in people with ADHD.Is it the same mechanism that makes me have a stupid face when orgasming?I hope my bowels have an e-brake
Meth makes you really really happy. More happy than you could ever get without drugs. But it also reduces your ability to become happy. It very quickly reaches a point where you have to keep using meth, because you can never really feel happy without it.And its not a goofy happy, its the kind of happy where everything is fascinating - everything. You love life and being alive. You feel strong, confident and able to meet any challenge. Its a lie. This amount of pleasure extracts equal pain, horror and misery. I will never forget the screaming, yawning, emptiness of my soul. I wanted to tear the flesh from my face with my fingernails and swallow a nuclear bomb to blow every atom of my body as far away from each other as possible, but I didn't have enough strength to even lift my hands - nor could I sleep. Don't ever EVER do it. Not even once. It ruins the curve for the rest of your life. You'll always remember that feeling and want it back. The rest of your life will pale in comparison to moments that never truly existed.
[deleted]Unix is an operating system that was originally created at Bell Labs in the late 1960s/early '70s. In the '70s and '80s it became very popular, and various derivative versions were made - some by commercial companies. In the early 1990s, Linus Torvalds created Linux while he was at university in Helsinki. Linux isn't based on Unix, but is more like a clone or remake. So to the user it mostly behaves the same as Unix, although technically it isn't derived from Unix. Linus wanted there to be a free version of Unix that could be used on PCs (at the time most versions of Unix cost money and required expensive computers). It became very popular, other people contributed code to it and it is now one of the most-used operating systems in the world. Linux itself is just a kernel. The kernel is the core of the operating system - it "sets the stage" on which everything else runs. The complete system is often referred to as "Linux", but it's actually Linux plus a whole load of different pieces of software from different projects. There are many different Linux distributions (or distros). A distro takes all of these different components and assembles them into a complete system that you can install on your computer. Although the end result is usually largely the same, different distros do things in slightly different ways. Ubuntu is one example of a distro. Others would be Debian, Fedora, Gentoo, etc.
According to this Scientific American article: "Baring one's teeth is not always a threat. In primates, showing the teeth, especially teeth held together, is almost always a sign of submission. The human smile probably has evolved from that. "In the primate threat, the lips are curled back and the teeth are apart--you are ready to bite. But if the teeth are pressed together and the lips are relaxed, then clearly you are not prepared to do any damage. These displays are combined with other facial features, such as what you do with your eyes, to express a whole range of feelings. In a lot of human smiling, it is something you do in public, but it does not reflect true 'friendly' feelings--think of politicians smiling for photographers. "What is especially interesting is that you do not have to learn to do any of this--it is preprogrammed behavior. Kids who are born blind never see anybody smile, but they show the same kinds of smiles under the same situations as sighted people."I just curled my lips back with my teeth apart, I felt and looked suprisingly intimidating. It's not really an expression i've ever had cause to make before, and i don't think i've ever seen it outside of a horror movie.
I'm talking about the likes of Lindsey Lohan, Amy Winehouse, Hunter S. Thompson, etc. They are known drug abusers, and what's more, they don't even try to keep it a secret. In a country where you can be locked away in a slammer for years for possession, it seems very unfair and incongruous to see that the same standard is not applied to famous persons. Usually, the worst that they get is getting forced into rehab. Is it the privilege of their fame? Money? Influence?Admission is not possession. You can walk up to any police officer in the country RIGHT NOW and tell them that you just smoked an entire bowl. Yes you may get detained and searched, maybe a tiny chance that they could get a search warrant from a judge just based on your statement and your house may get tossed, but you won't spend a minute in jail. Also, money. Money buys good attornies that know how to stall out the legal system(lindsey lohan). Although, chances are ms. firecrotch will be doing some jail time for probation violation before longWouldnt they cite for public intox/possibly throw you in until you "sober up" though? Ive seen people get detained and arrested for being under the influence before of unknown substances.I have a question then: what's the fundamental difference between an admission and a confession? Because in my mind they are on the same level. Please educate me.
I can give you a very basic overview. First off, you have the Dungeon Master. He's the person who creates the world and makes all the big decisions. Everybody else creates a character. The Dungeon Master begins weaving the story, explaining to the characters where they are and what their goal is- a good DM will do this with lots of enthusiasm and flair! The characters then make their own choices based on their religion, their background, and their skills. For example- a Human who hates Orcs would never say, "I love Orcs! Let's be friends with this Orc!" Instead, they'd be more likely to say, "Kill the Orc!! I hate that guy!" Apart from the storytelling and role playing, there is combat. Whenever you come across a bad guy on your journey, the DM has created a character for him and will control him. If you decide to attack the bad guy, you must roll the dice a few times. The first time is to figure out who gets to attack first- this can be a big factor in who wins a battle. The second dice roll is to determine whether you hit him or not- if you roll below a certain number (which the DM knows but you do not), then you miss. If you roll a 1, that is a critical failure and commonly ends with you breaking your weapon or hurting yourself. Conversely, if you roll a 20, that's a critical hit and you get to do extra damage!
I'm not trying to be rude. I feel the need to clear that up first.Chromosomes are funny blob-shaped things that are too small for us to see and they contain all your genes. Genes are basically sets of instructions that tell your body how to grow and work properly. Every normal person has 23 pairs of chromosomes. Each pair should normally be a matching copy (excepting X and Y chromosomes - i'll explain this later). When a mommy and daddy have had sex and create a baby inside the mommy's womb, sometimes a mistake happens. It is nobody's fault, but the new baby has 3 copies of chromosome number 21 instead of just 2 copies like a normal person would. This means the new baby's body gets the wrong instructions on how to grow, and so it grows into a funny shape. The genes that tell a person's face what shape it will be are messed up and that's why most people with Down Syndrome have strange looking faces. The extra chromosome also makes the Down Syndrome person's brain grow funny, which is why Down Syndrome people are usually not as smart as other people. Now you might be wondering why boys and girls are different if everyone has the same 23 pairs of chromosomes. The answer is that everyone doesn't. Girls have two "X" chromosomes (they are called that because they look like the letter X). But boys are different - instead of having two X chromosomes, they have an X and a chromosome. It is this Y chromosome that contains all the instructions to tell their body how to become a boy's body.
I've always wondered about this. Is there any legitimate, scientific evidence backing conspiracy theorists' claims? Has this evidence, if it ever existed, been debunked, and this theory simply continues anyway?I remember reading one of these conspiracy sites. They basically point out a lot of weird things about the photos and footage from the moon landing, and use that to say they must be fake photos and video. They're all reasonable mistakes to make, I'll go through the ones I remember. "The flag is waving, when there's no atmosphere, so it must be on earth". That would be a problem, but the flag only moves around in the video of them actually sticking it into the ground. They are wiggling the pole around to get it to stick, so the flag moves. Once they leave it alone the flag stops moving. "Astronauts look too well lit from all around, so there must be a lighting rig". With no atmosphere, the sunlight is very bright on the moon, and the lunar surface reflects a lot of light. "Some of the shadows are in different directions, so lighting rig". Shadows on different slopes appear to go in different directions. Examples given are all at the edges of craters etc., the shadows make sense for the shape of the ground there "The little X markers on the camera are sometimes partially obscured, therefore incredibly sloppy photo editing". In the examples, the objects 'covering' the Xes are always white objects in direct sunlight, which would be so bright as to 'white out' the little markings on the camera.
I never understood how a baseball, soccer ball, etc turn in the air after being thrown, kicked, etc. As a bonus, I'd love to hear if a bullet can be curved like in that Angelina Jolie movie (the name is escaping me right now)eli5 explanation: The spin on the ball makes the wind move fast on one side, slow on the other. The ball then gets moved by the different speeds of wind on the ball. edit: I was explaining it like I was explaining it to a 5 year old. The laces do in fact help create the differences in "wind" (friction against the air) on the ball. edit 2: To use an analogy, it's like paddles on a boat, the spinning of the laces create the paddles moving the air. Depending on the spin direction, the laces (paddles) 'push' the ball in a different direction. edit3: Well, push isn't the correct term, really, more like 'drag', such as if you put a paddle on one side of a moving boatRoberto Carlos http://www.youtube.com/watch?annotation_id=annotation_776619&feature=iv&src_vid=vnB_4Jtfy6A&v=6Lv2rjtBwVw Juan Arango
Usenet is well explained in prior posts so let me tell you a bit about how it's different from torrents. Usenet is a lot of things so I'll just focus on the part thats relevant when compared to torrents. Downloading As you probably know, to download something with torrents you need a program called a "Bittorrent client" and a place to find the torrent files which points to the files you want to download. Usenet downloading is pretty much identical when it comes to this, you need a program to download files and a place to get the files which point to what you want to download. The difference here is that you need a program made for Usenet and not bittorrent and you need files called nzb files rather than torrents. How the files are downloaded is also a bit different. When you use bittorrent you are connecting to many other bittorrent users and downloading the files you want from them. At the same time you also share the pieces of the files with others, this means you both download and upload the files you are getting at the same time, everyone helps each other to complete the downloads. Someone also needs to have the complete original file and be sharing it in order for you to be able to get it.
There are these things running through your body called 'nerves'. When something is affecting you (heat, cold, pain, itching, anything at all), a thing in your skin called a 'receptor' recognises it. It wants to tell your brain what is going on, and it does this by sending a message through the nerves to the brain. If you're sitting in a certain position for a long time, you can put pressure on a nerve that supplies part of your leg. Since the nerve is all squished, the information transmitted from the body part becomes all jumbled up, and the messages it sends to the brain becomes strange and confusing to interpret. Some nerves may not transmit any information at all! Other nerves may start to send messages erratically and randomly! This is what causes you to feel the pins and needles "tingling" sensation. EDIT: Thanks for all the interesting replies to my comment, lots of cool stuff to read :). Obviously there is a lot more depth to this than what I replied with, but i just tried to keep it as simple and compact as possible. I kinda just lumped the tingling/pins and needles you get with the numbness/falling asleep, because I'm not actually sure what happens! I'm only a medical student, and I'm replying on the basis of what a lecturer mentioned randomly for 15 seconds. I'm sure people doing degrees in neuroscience or something like that would have a more accurate answer to give.
It just doesn't make any sense but there has to be more behind it, right?It's actually based around a short novel by an Existential Phillosopher named Camus, called The Stranger. In the Novel, a mans mother dies, and then by a series of events he shoots someone who had been harasing him and his friend(Mama, Just killed a man. Put a gun against his head, pulled my trigger now he's dead). The rest of the story is him being begged to convert to Christianity to secure a pardon, but refusing (Beelzebub has a devil put aside for me!), causing him to go to a trial where he is determined to be guilty of murder due to him not being upset at his mothers funeral. Excellent book.Ok, I had this question in high school, and my English teacher just said "That is a great question." and never answered me. Why did the main character, if an unemotional existentialist, shoot the man multiple times? Once was enough to kill him, why waste the bullets and shoot more?Another great song based on "The Stranger" is The Cure's "Killing an Arab."
I have read the post about a neutrino travelling faster than the speed of light in this post. What will the consequences be if the measurements are correct?The simple answer that I expected to see and haven't is this: The main consequence would be that one of the important things we think we know about how the universe works isn't always true. For something to compare that's more accessible than relativity, think about how we accept gravity. We don't know exactly how gravity works, but so far as we know, everything falls down, and nothing ever falls up. The idea that things always fall down is built into the way scientists think about the universe. If scientists can confirm that some particles actually do move faster than the speed of light, it would be like discovering that in some very unusual circumstances you can let go of an object and it will fall up. At that point, two important things would start happening: some scientists would work to figure out exactly under what conditions things fall up instead of down, so as to better understand how gravity works, while others would go to work re-examining existing scientific theories that depended on the assumption that everything falls down, and begin revising them to account for those few things that fall up. Together they would build a more accurate model of how the universe works. As for what new technologies might arise from this, we can't know that until scientists work out the theories. Not to be a downer, but the most likely outcome is that the effect won't be reproduced, or that the scientists made a mistake they haven't noticed yet. If the results can be confirmed, then the next most likely outcome is that it will be an interesting but very limited phenomenon that has little practical value. But there is a chance that this one discovery will lead to an avalanche of other discoveries that completely reshape how we think about the universe and lead to changes in our civilization that we cannot even imagine yet.
how are they "restored" and put on DVD in 720 and 1080?? Wouldn't they have had to be filmed that way in the beginning? Thanks (watching an old movie - Leon, The Professional and wondering.)Just like other have said, the original film is actually much higher quality than what we consider HD. Think of the actual original film roll as the master print, the highest visual quality rendition of the movie that exists ANYWHERE. Now its only when we try to copy this master print that the quality decreases because of technology limits. At first we copied it to VHS, then to DVD (yes I know I'm missing some stuff like laser disk but bear with me) and now we are putting it on a bluray disk and player. Its like taking a picture of the Sistine chapel with your old cell phone camera, then later coming back and taking a picture of it with our brand spanking new Canon DLSR camera. The quality is much better, but still not as good as seeing it in person. As our disk and player tech continue to improve, we will continue to approach the level of resolution of the original master print. That's why for now we are at 1080, but in the future will have even higher resolutions! Hope that helped explain it some!So are current movies being filmed with much improved tech that will enable producers to remaster the movies in 30 years time to the standard that is available then?
I'm not as into politics as I probably should be, and I'm confused why Rick Santorum gets such a bad rap, particularly here on Reddit. I get that he's a republican politician, extremely homophobic, and obsessed with the Bible but isn't that a pretty common combination? What exactly made him in particular such a poster boy for homophobia / American theocracy?I don't think anybody here has actually answered your question yet. You already know that he loves the Bible and hates gay people. But your real question was "what makes him different from every other right-wing social conservative out there?" because as you state, it's a pretty common combination. A few reasons: He's actually doing well in polls. People don't care about some crazy homophobe with no actual chance of political power. Rick Santorum is running for the most powerful office in the country and is actually doing well. He's more extreme than other social conservatives. I can't remember anyone else being opposed to birth control. I'm sure they're out there, but they're not the norm. He's not just religious like a lot of people are, he thinks US law should be based on the Bible.This is pretty much the kind of response I was looking for. As much as I appreciated most of the responses, a lot of them just repeated what I stated in the question, only with much more creativity and vigor.
Same goes for Rum, Beer, Orange juice, etc. Doesn't even necessarily have to be liquid - just any product that requires a crop as an ingredient, yet tastes exactly the same across large geographic distances and over time. I assume there is variation in the ingredient crops, yet the final product is always identical.Regarding coffee, consistency of flavor is indeed difficult to maintain because of the different varieties of sources. However, the darker the roast--or more burnt they are, the more they taste the same. I posed the same question on r/Coffee before and I received a pretty good answer.which explains why their coffee tastes so burnt!Branded product is made in relatively few plants and shipped around the country. They also work very hard to keep the taste and quality consistent: ingredients are purchased from known suppliers, and in huge quantities which they test to ensure it meets their standards. Companies employ many quality control people, who test all the ingredients and the end product at every stage of the process. Part of that testing is actually tasting everything to make sure it's consistent.I recently visited one of the larger coffee roasting plants in the US and I can confirm all of this, including a crazy number of quality control people. They had several QC labs and a large room for tasting, where they have circular tables that spin around. They fill little cups with different samples of the coffee they got in that day and put them around the perimeter of the table and the taster (at a relatively fast rate) sips one, spits it out into a spittoon, and spins the table to the next little cup. Pretty much all day.
tips on how to build and maintain a good credit score are also appreciated! edit (3/11): oh wow guys, thanks so much for all the responses! I was so swamped at work that I didn't get to check Reddit. <3~ you guys are awesomeA credit score is basically how reliable you are. Let's say you borrow twenty dollars from me, but you pay it back in a reasonable time. My trust in you would go up. If you continued to borrow & repay at a responsible rate, I'd be more comfortable with lending you larger amounts of money. A credit score is basically that, but on a large, national scale. There's three agencies that evaluate your trustworthiness and issue a score up to 900. 900 is perfect, but anything over 700 is pretty good. You want to pay your bills on time, and borrow (and repay) loans to build credit. Start small with a cell phone, then work your way up to a credit card, and eventually auto and home loans. Be careful though, when you miss payments the company will probably report you to the credit agency, and your score will go down. Higher the score, the more money & lower interest you'll get. Edited numbers.Is it true that it's bad to not have any credit at all by never having had to borrow money? I mean what if you saved and managed to pay up front for a phone, a second hand car and never had any need to take credit for anything else? What happens then?
What was the original intent of Reddit? Who were the key players? What significant things happened to create the Reddit we know today?Reddit was started by two guys out of college (Kn0thing and Spez, if you want to check their user pages) using seed money and guidance from a guy called Paul Graham, who made millions off of Yahoo! stock in the late 90's. Now he devotes his time to finding internet startups to micro-invest in, and training the people they choose for success. Therefore, the original reddit was mostly populated by young white male programmer types (people in Grahams network). Actually, the reddit guys made Graham a "hacker news" site which still resembles the original reddit in demographics. Originally, the idea was 1) people submit links and others vote on them, to create a "front page of the internet", and 2) Your votes would create a special, customized page of "recommended" links just for you. That second goal turned out to be a lot harder than it sounds and eventually fell to the wayside, to the point that there isn't even a "recommended" button on the page anymore. I don't think the original site even had a comments section at first. At first the site was overshadowed by Digg.com, which had beat them to launch by a few months, and for years it was seen (unfairly) as a digg clone with a simpler, cruder appearance. There actually used to be a pretty bitter rivalry, at least on reddit's side.
It's like a paradox for me!Let's say your mom wants to make a cake. She can get all the individual ingredients or get a pre-made mix. Programming languages are like the pre-made mix. They were created using lower-level languages, all the way down to binary itself. You could write your program with binary, but it would take a long time and be much more difficult for you to remember. The pre-made cake mix already has the ingredients needed to make a cake. You just add water (or maybe an egg). Programming in a high-level language, although sometimes difficult to grasp at first, is much easier that memorizing sequences of 0's and 1's.Just to add a couple more points: When you write a program in a high level language (human language), a different program called a compiler translates the code into something the computer can understand. Also, Eventually, you get down to the hardware level. Computers have a lot of little switches called transistors that turn off and on. When you have enough of these switches you can make a fast and capable computer. These switches are turned on and off by carefully applying small voltages. They didn't need a "first language" because the way they are affected by voltage is a physical phenomenon.
...also, how can they tell the overall "health" of a battery?Every commercial product with a lithium-ion battery has a battery protection printed circuit board (PCB) attached to the battery. This PCB is sometimes called a BMU or battery management unit. Not always, but sometimes - the BMU has an integrated circuit (chip) on board that is responsible for tracking state of charge (SOC) of the battery. Such a chip is usually called a "gas gauge" which is (I suppose) inspired by the "gas gauge" of a car. When your device says you have 94% battery left, that is usually reported straight from the gas gauge chip. The most well-known supplier of lithium-ion battery protection chips and gas gauge circuits is Texas Instruments. From one of TI's datasheets: The key to the bq34z100 device’s high-accuracy gas gauging prediction is Texas Instrument’s proprietary Impedance Track algorithm. This algorithm uses voltage measurements, characteristics, and properties to create state-of-charge predictions that can achieve accuracy with as little as 1% error across a wide variety of operating conditions. It's not a straight up voltage measurement (sorry Bmansk8s, you are not entirely correct), but some kind of algorithm that was designed by the chip maker. Voltage is important, but it's not the best or only indicator of state of charge. In TI's Impedance Track technology the state of charge estimates are improved over time (the algorithm is self-learning). You can train the gas gauge when you do a few full charge/discharge cycles of the battery. There is no electrochemical reason to fully discharge your lithium-ion battery but your device can never truly "know" how much charge is left unless you drain it down all the way. Doing so helps the device make a better prediction on later charge/discharge cycles.
Is it because the tissues in the throat are super sensitive, and the popping of the bubbles diddles around with it to the same effect of taking a needle and poking your throat but many many many times, because of all the shit tons of bubbles popping?It's most likely because carbonic acid is soaking into tissues. Carbonation is carbon dioxide dissolved into water which forms the carbonic acid, which then spontaneously breaks down into water and carbon dioxide again when the liquid is no longer under pressure. While drinking, the acid levels on the nice soft wet tissues start increasing, but when you stop drinking the carbonic acid either breaks down into CO2 and H2O or gets washed away by saliva and other bodily fluid.Chemical engineer here. I was just about to write (and actually deleted) a paragraph explaining why this wasn't true. As I started writing out the chemical equations, I realized you were entirely correct. Gaseous CO2 becomes aqueous CO2 in the first step. Next, CO2(aq) and water form carbonic acid, H2CO3. When pressure is reduced, the equations reverse, reforming gaseous CO2. Better living through chemistry.Chemical Engineer here. It is not necessarily the carbonic acid that is being soaked into the tissue. Rather, It is due to more of the effect of the dissolved carbon dioxide in the drink (the bubbles) bursting upon impact with a 30 – 40 psi pressure. The can is originally pressurized to 30-40 psig to keep the carbon dioxide gas dissolved, and when the can opens, the pressure is relieved causing the carbon dioxide to be released and the bubbles bursting at the surface. It’s like little bits of needles poking at your skin. It’s hard to imagine that little bubbles can do a lot of damage, but the bursting of bubbles can actually cause a lot of damage to equipment in the engineering industry.
Hello. I am not US citizen and I know that bankers and companies and people connected with them earned money, So "occupy wall street" folks are trying to protest that? If so, what can be the outcome of it? it's not like companies will start to hire or just give away money right? or is there anything else I am missing?There are quite a few very different people upset about a lot of different things, but their primary concern appears to be the reduction of corporate influence on politics. See, the big companies make lots of money and there are a lot of little rules and regulations they have to follow. But what they can do is take the money they make, give lots of it to politicians, then the politicians change the rules so the companies make even more money. Then the companies pay the politicians again to change the rules some more and make more money - it's a vicious cycle.But how does Occupying Wall Street have any impact, or lead to any change?Correct me if I'm wrong, but if the main purpose is to stop corporations from influencing the government, shouldn't they be protesting the government? It's in the corporations best interest to continue the influence, but government should be the thing that is reformed. The reason they are not protesting the government is because most of these people are liberals and their mentality is to attack corporations before anything else.
Most romantic languages have male and female genders on all nouns (el sol vs la luna), whereas German has male, female, and neuter (der Junge, die Shule, das Auto).* English, however, does not have any gender in the nouns. English seems quite unique amoung European languages. Furthermore, English also doesn't have multiple forms of you (usted for formal vs tu for informal in Spanish and Sie for aquaintances and du for friends/family). Porque? *Pardon any misspellings, I learned Spanish way back in highschool, and am only starting to learn German now. ßüöäI speak Russian and can only be thankful for this "difference". Having to coordinate words across the whole sentence after one word change is such a royal PITA. And this redundancy strips a big deal of wordplay.I am a Russian native-speaker, and I can't entirely express my frustration when it comes to studying German with its absolutely crazy gender system.Wait, you are thankful for the pain of using genders? One of the few good parts of Russian grammar is that so many of the feminine case endings are the same. But having to remember separate endings for four genders for both nouns and adjectives can be difficult. I like Finnish just for the reason that there are no genders, and even though it has a million cases there is only one ending for each case (used for both adjectives and nouns) and plural has a separate ending you add on.
Do you extract the actual colors out of the photo some how or do you decide what everything is colored as? How long does it take? Any thing else you feel like throwing in there! :D EDIT:ah! you guys are awesome thank you!Photo Retoucher here: Colorizing pictures is literally like a coloring book. You pick your color, and color in the area you want. Photoshop then has multiple options to allow the black and white to show as well, which gives you all your lines and shades. So instead of coloring over a photo of a rose and getting simply "red", photoshop will allow the original picture to show as well, so you get black and white petals with red coloring. Where the tricky parts come in is black and white photos often don't portray the subtle color differences. All b/w can portray is how dark or light something was. So if I color a face some sort of flesh color, it won't catch the red in the cheeks, the pink of the lips, discoloration, etc. Just "darker here, lighter here". This makes colorizing look a little fake, faded, distorted, old, etc. From there it takes some imagination and experimentation. "add a bit of red to the cheeks" "add less color here, more color there" etc. Whole process depends on what you're working on and how much trouble you're having making it look natural. Figure 10 minutes to an hour, unless you're working on something either really large, really detailed, or really difficult Here's a video:
They're always armed to the teeth, always in reaching distance, and it seems like they have a large army of agents when travelling. I would imagine that terrorists would see this as an excellent opportunity to infiltrate and kill the President with a high success rate. Are there any known counter-measures they will do to avoid this risk? I'm sure I'm on someones watch-list after this post.My mom's family is friends with the Dierbergs family, a grocery store chain in St. Louis. Anyway, one Dierberg male, decided to be a secret service agent. When we was testing for it and training for it, they sent agents out to check his background. They questioned relatives, family friends, they went to his high school and questioned his high school teachers, this literally tracked down any person who would have an idea of who he was as a person. It's not just a "let's check the internet for criminal records" It's a "let's track down everybody who knew this guy and talk to them." kind of background check. This certain Mr. Dierberg ended up protecting Nancy Reagan while she was the First Lady, I believe.I have been part of those questions (as a former roommate in one case, and coworker in others). Those interviews are fairly intense. I know, based on the questions they asked, that I would never make it even if I was physically fit.My brother was up for a particularly elite position within his branch of the military and it involved contacting us with a set of rules on the sort of questions we shouldn't ask, the kind of interactions that may come up that we should inform them of, and information on how we could go about obtaining documents about his education, medical history and etc that were now in their possession rather than at the school or doctor's office. He doesn't have to be so off the map now (he's got a Facebook for once) since he didn't get it, but they also informed us that most don't the first two or three times and it's good to understand early on what it will mean when he does get it. It is pretty indepth shit.
I keep reading about Greece and how they are about to default on their debt. I don't really understand how they default, but I really want to know what happens if they do.First, a little bit of background. Say you have a little country of your own, off on an island someplace. You and a few hundred friends, let's say it is. You have a government — monarchy, republic, whatever; doesn't matter. That government has a treasury, but the treasury has no money in it. Which is fine … so long as you don't actually want your government to do anything. If you just want to be able to say you have a government, knock yourself out; nobody can stop you. But as soon as you want that government to do stuff — like hiring police officers, or raising an army — you need money in your treasury. The way this works is simple: Your treasury issues bonds. A bond is sort of like a very ritualized type of loan. You sell bonds with the promise to, after a set amount of time, buy them back for more than what you sold them for. So say you could sell a bond for $100, with the promise to buy it back in a year for $110. The difference between how much you promise to buy the bond back for and how much it sells for, expressed as a percentage, is called the interest, and the date on which you promise to buy it back is called the maturity. Who buys bonds? Who cares? Literally anybody with money can buy these bonds. Maybe those are private citizens in your country, maybe it's your central bank (that's how you money in your economy in the first place), or maybe it's private citizens or other concerns in other countries. Point is, you offer the bonds for sale, and people agree to buy them. Thus do you get money in your treasury.
This link is on the front page right now (http://www.newscientist.com/article/dn22336-quantum-measurements-leave-schrodingers-cat-alive.html), and I frankly can't understand it! Can someone ELI5 it? Reddit thread: http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/10yemu/schr%C3%B6dingers_cat_is_alive_scientists_measure_a/Humanity has observed the world and made many conclusions about how things work. There are fundamental rules and laws of nature. Like gravity and mass and velocity. Well, some people realized that the smaller things are, the more our fundamental rules fall apart. On the quantum level, and that is really tiny, things work a little different than we are used too. Look at a light switch, like the one in your room. At any moment in time, that light switch is in one of two possible states: off or on. Now let's bring that light switch down to the quantum level. Well, first, it's now really very small and we cannot actually see it. But, we can move stuff around and kinda figure out what state the light switch is in. And this is where it gets confusing, because the light switch is behaving as if it is actually a combination of both off and on, not only one if them like we are used too. And that doesn't make sense, so it's time to break out a super magnifying glass and take a look to see if that light switch is actually on or off. And after repeating these experiments and observing many tiny lightswitchs, scientists figured out that merely observing the quantum particles has an affect on them, effectively forcing the state to be one or the other instead of a combination of both.
What happened to Occupy Wall Street? Is it coming back? Can anything be done?Two reasons: They took the position that government is not and cannot be the solution of the problems we face today, ironically a claim the Right has made for decades. They rejected "the establishment" and believed in social upheaval, not political reform. This - as the 1960s counterculture movement would prove - is very difficult for multiple reasons. For the reasons stated above, they refused to get involved in the political process. I remember what I suppose you could call a splinter group trying to organize a "Congress" of Occupy representatives to meet and draft a platform. Occupy Wall Street rejected this plan and did not endorse any such attempts. In what I believe was its key downfall, they silenced any who desired efforts to draft a formal agenda and list of demands. While there were many undertones that nearly all of the protestors shared in common - specifically the reversal of Citizens United and calls for public campaign financing - they didn't make use of their attention as well as they could've. In addition, their rhetorical focus turned to very poor subjects, namely police brutality. While many Occupy protests did face unjust treatment by police, making anti-police sentiment the focal point of their efforts was in my opinion, a move that isolated many of the people who aligned with their initial cause. Occupy was about income inequality and financial injustice, issues that effected the entire population. Police brutality, on the other hand, did not.
[deleted]We discussed this in one of my advertising classes. According to my professor, those bright colors draw attention and bring in customers. But the red and yellow are not particularly pleasing to the eye. So it draws the customer in, but it also makes them not want to stay very long. McDonald's wants people to notice the company, but not to linger very long. It's about increasing turnover and profits.Just a small side note: This is true of most fast food chains. In fact, apparently the seats at McDonalds are ever so slightly inclined forward (may be unobservable to the naked eye) in order to have the customer not sit for too long. One the other hand, fancy restaurants usually want to make their customers to stay there for as long as possible (hence why it is so hard to get tables without a reservation).I have to note that McDonald's in Europe did a 180 degree turn in terms of style and interior design and now their signature colour is , while the interior looks and less like a trashy shithole where homeless people and prostitutes eat.
Why is Russia so anti-gay? It seems to have come out of no where.Former russki here. There are three main reasons why Russia is homophobic. Russia is a country far from the forefront of modern psychology. It has historically viewed homosexuality to be a psychological problem, akin to disease. Russian mentality would dictate its easier to "lock these people up" than to unleash them into society. The mentality is deeply ingrained into the culture and language of Russia. Expressions such as, "йти в сумасшедший дом!" (get to a crazy house!) are very common and belittling when someone says something eccentric. This mentality creates a massive stigma against seeking help for psychological problems. It creates a culture of misunderstanding for the general populous, and a culture of fear for homosexuals. World War 2. The Soviet Union lost 30% of its population due to World War 2 and suffered the heaviest causulties. It's so bad that to this day, Belarus has never fully recovered. As part of a mass nationalistic campaign, citizens were encouraged to make BABIES for the good of the homeland! Homosexuals, not being able to reproduce, were seen as enemies of the state. General ignorance. Outside of Moscow, Saint Petersburg and Novosibirsk - the HDI of Russia is on par with rural Mississippi. Isolation, poor education, poor access to information, poor , etc, etc. This is a recipe for ignorance.
So I tried to investigate this, but the website only suggests vague bulk buying practices and general labor "ingenuity". I realize that there are huge amounts of chemical flavor additives and sugars to compensate for the financial corners cut, but even with all of those, how the hell do you combine all of the resources, labor, and land into a highly profitable 1$ burger? EDIT: Woah, thanks for all the replies guys!McDonalds actually loses money on their dollar burgers, or at least they used to when they were double cheeseburgers, instead of today's "McDouble" - I believe the only difference is a slice of cheese. My father (20 years in the restaurant business) explained it to me a number of years ago, what I remember from that conversation is that they don't profit on the Double Cheeseburger at least, it's kind of like retail sales meant to get you into the store. Lots of people who buy McDoubles are likely to shell out $1 for a Large drink, which probably contains two or three cents worth of soda. Fast food places make a lot of their money on combo meals. Getting people to throw down a couple more dollars for the higher end burgers and fries means a lot more profit. The materials needed to build a McDouble vs. a Big Mac are probably not too far off from each other, but I would probably venture to guess Big Macs are nearly $4 for the burger, and up to $6.50 for a meal.Yup. They're known as loss leaders.
What's the point of a bunch of people in a particular room for what seems like an increasingly electronically accessed trade? What function does it serve in stock trading?I'm a broker. I have never seen the trading floor as I sit at a computer all day. The trading floor serves a few purposes. One of them is volume. There are many traders who trade their own (very large) accounts in the pit. They make extremely fast trades based on reading what others in the pit are doing (based on customer orders) as a way to read the market. It's also tradition. It exists because people don't want to get rid of it, despite how useless it is. It puts a face on trading. It's fast disappearing and the markets will be fine without it.This is the answer we've been waiting for. Sorry you're broker.There was an article about the last days of the Pacific Stock Exchange in San Francisco in about 2003. The last week it was just two traders on the floor. And they threw a football across it. Everything was done electronically at that point. I don't know what they would have done if they got an order. Yell at each other?
That's mainly cause Youtube does throttle the speed at which you can download the videos. For example, let's say you want to watch a video that lasts 60 seconds at 360p (roughly 500kbps). I don't know the exact algorithm, but from my observation it goes something like this: At the moment you press play, the player gives you the first 10 seconds (or so) at full speed. If your connection is 20mbit, that means you'll get it in a couple of seconds, perhaps 3 seconds tops. Subsequently, if your download speed allows it, you'll keep getting chunks of 10s every now and then as you play the video (usually happens before you reach the difference between the time you took to download the first 10 seconds, and the time before you reach that threshold, which in this case is 3 seconds, so it should happen around 5 or 4 seconds before those 10 seconds end). If your connection does not allow to download the video as fast as the first 10 seconds, you get smaller chunks of the video, say 2s every second or so. The previous method keeps going until you've fully downloaded the entirety of the video. Now, that's what ideally should happen, the problem is Youtube is likely to get a bit saturated every now and then. When that happens the player stops giving you the 10s at full speed, and instead gives you the 2 or 3 seconds I described in the last 2 steps, and waits for the buffer to fill (which should be roughly 10s). So, in order for the service to be "acceptable" for everybody that's connecting at the same time, Youtube throttles its speed, allowing many people to use the service concurrently.
...and why are all the other browsers considered to be so much "better"?With the release of Internet Explorer 9, IE has made huge strides forward, but still lacks behind Firefox and Google Chrome. Rendering: Websites are written in a special language called HTML. This language has rules, such as what words are allowed and how to display those words. These rules are created and maintained by a neutral organization called the W3C, or the World Wide Web Consortium. Now, web browsers are supposed to listen to the rules created by the W3C, so a website will look the same in every browser. Unfortunately, Internet Explorer 6 & 7 (being the worst offenders) often don't listen to the rules created by the W3C. This means a website that is correctly written looks proper in browsers like Firefox and Google Chrome because those browsers listen to the rules, but not in IE6 or IE7. This means that the people building sites either can't use certain words because IE won't understand them even though they are right, or they have to use words that only IE understands which means the language is no longer "right". Internet Explorer will also sometimes see a word but use an incorrect definition of the word. You tell it to walk left, and it will run backwards.
Let me run you through a day in the life of my personal brand of schizophrenia: 7:00 am: Wake up and lay in bed for awhile. Although I live alone, I hear footsteps throughout my apartment. I start wondering whether someone broke in during the night, so I get up to check the lock. Not only is the dead bolt still latched, but the chain is also still in tact; however, the footsteps are still in the kitchen, and I have to check the door and whole apartment at least three more times be sure I'm alone. 7:30 am: I'm taking a nice hot bath, but, as the water is running, I hear a conversation happening just outside the door. I know no one is there because I've checked the door, but I can't help but hear a few people debating about the use of leather vs. cloth seats in cars. I dip my head under the water and try to ignore what's not there. 8:00 am: Is there something crawling on my leg? When I look down to inspect, there's nothing. This will happen at least once every half hour throughout the day, so I won't continue mentioning it. 9:00 am: I'm eating breakfast, and I taste metal when I'm eating my toast, so much so that I can't finish my food. 10:00 am: I'm walking to campus, and the way gravity is pulling me goes from under my feet to slightly off-kilter to the right. I feel like I'm going to fall over because something is pulling me that way, so I need to sit down and wait out my equilibrium resetting itself with my head in my hands to keep myself from puking from the dizziness.
I've had others try and explain this to me, but not well, and I feel like it's pretty fucked up how little I know about such a massive issue. So please: wtf is going on in Syria?The country has been ruled for decades by a military dictatorship run by a minority Islamic sect, the Alawites. Up until fairly recently, they've been brutal and repressive, but not especially incompetent. One of their chief advantages is that the substantial Christian minorities of Syria have backed them, because they feel that if a regime representing the large Sunni Muslim majority takes over, the Christians are going to become oppressed the way they are in Egypt. Also, the regime receives substantial support from Shi'ite Iran, who wants to counterbalance the Sunni regimes in the rest of the Middle East, and from China and especially Russia, for various geopolitical reasons. Dictator Hafez al-Asad died in 2000. The son who was the heir apparent was killed in a car crash, so second son and weak-chinned douchebag Bashshar, who went to medical school in London, is given the job. For most of the 2000s, he tries to implement some gradual and mostly token reforms. Fast-forward to 2011 Arab Spring protests. Syrian government badly overreacts to these, killing protestors in ways guaranteed to inflame the mushy middle. They're especially bad toward journalists, and Sunni-run Al Jazeera takes great glee in endlessly replaying shitty cell-phone videos of Syrian troops doing awful things to first civilian protestors, then rebel soldiers. Country's Internet is cut off. Hundreds of thousands flee, mostly to Turkey, who for historical reasons doesn't much care for the Syrian regime.
Answered: It is to stop people from using bots to up vote their own posts. What it does specifically is stops them from knowing if their vote has been ignored or not. If they had a bot, and up-voted a post, and the post number stayed the same. Then it would be obvious that the bot was ignored and then they could work towards circumventing it. However, if instead of just ignoring it, it gives the post one up-vote and one down-vote. They wouldn't be able to tell if someone just down voted it, or if it was the number fuzzing program. So put simply: It constantly moves the numbers around so you can't tell if your vote actually counted or not, but it totally does count unless you have blocked by spam protection. Thanks guysIt is to stop people from using bots to up vote their own posts. What it does specifically is stops them from knowing if their vote has been ignored or not. If they had a bot, and up-voted a post, and the post number stayed the same. Then it would be obvious that the bot was ignored and then they could work towards circumventing it. However, if instead of just ignoring it, it gives the post one up-vote and one down-vote. They wouldn't be able to tell if someone just down voted it, or if it was the number fuzzing program. So put simply: It constantly moves the numbers around so you can't tell if your vote actually counted or not, but it totally does count unless you have blocked by spam protection.But why not just have your bots upvote anyway?
Romanian here. My grandparents and parents lived in communism for a long time, and the answer why they revolted so late is this: 1) lacking transparency of information and 2) fear of being reported Information: In Romania, the revolution was mostly possible because of radio-frequencies that allowed the people to receive radio signals from other countries - illegally, of course. This way people found out when a city in the country was in turmoil. Were it not for the illegal radio receptions, most people would have never known about revolts going on, and the spark can never become a flame that way. This is about the same thing going on in North Korea right now, except they seem to be doing it more efficiently, so people over there: don't know when a riot starts in another city, so they cannot possibly coordinate themselves and many have no idea what the world outside of korea looks like, and if the system has any resemblence to the Romanian communism (which it has), then the only thing they get to see regarding capitalism are shocking news about riots, revolts, hunger, financial crisis, terrorist attacks and similar stories. So for many of those people, Korea seems a much safer place than the bad bad capitalism. They think the world outside has a harsh life indeed. My mom always tells me stories about how she always thought all the beautiful pictures that she got to see from "outside" where faked. For example, we managed to get a catalogue from a German company (OTTO or Neckermann or something of the sort), and it contained pictures of the Alps and beautiful houses with flower pots. (If you're wondering, people were allowed to go to other communist countries, and some were even allowed to go to East Germany, which was also -more modestly- communist at the time, so I guess that's how the catalogue got to us, but I'm not sure). So there were these beautiful pictoresque pictures and everybody was absolutely convinced that they were faked, just like many positive stories of Romania were faked. For example, when Ceausescu (the dictator) drove through a city, school children were forced to go and tie apples to the empty apple trees, so they looked full and fertil;. Shop windows were suddenly full with food and stuff for a day, and so on and so forth. In a nutshell: Those korean people can only believe what they see and hear, and it's usually not much except for their miserable life there, which they take for granted.
Those chills you sometimes get just after you finish peeing. What are they?I think it's the perfect trifecta of a rapid retraction of the emptying bladder, urine flow expanding the urethra, and the movement of urine through the urethra possibly stimulating the prostate (dudes). I've noticed it only happens to me when it's a good long whiz and I'm relaxed. I get them about 3/4 the way through my whiz which makes it real tough to maintain a good aim ... dammit.Piss shivers is up there with a good sneeze1/7th of an orgasm.I have to say something regarding this. I used to get piss shivers ALL the time. Every time I would piss, yup, piss shivers. I didn't mind them at all, but I found out something that might indicate a clue as to why they might happen. They stopped happening to me over the past 2 years and, well, 2 years ago I quit soda and caffeine all together. I also quit puffing the green, but I had piss shivers before I ever tried ganja. I just know that for me, whenever I quit caffeine and drank water only, my piss shivers went away. I think that those who drink a lot of caffeinated sodas might experience piss shivers more than others who don't, but I'm no doctor. I'm only saying that this is my conclusion from personal experience.
Aesthetician here...dry skin is not just the lacking of water, but natural oils your body naturally produces. Sudoriferous glands (sweat glands) excrete water. Internally, adding more water and clear fluids to your diet will help improve the hydration of your skin. Externally, wash with a softer water that is medium warm, and use a PH balanced cleanser. Sebaceous glands excrete oils. Internally, add foods with good oils to your diet- olive oils, coconut oil, avocado. Externally, when washing, do not use uber hot water. It strips the skin of the natural oils that moisturize your skin. When out of shower/bath, pat skin dry and immediately apply moisturizer or coconut oil to skin. Not only does it "trap" the water on your skin, it restores the natural oils. TL:DR...dry skin is lacking in both water and natural oils. Sorry the explanation isn't really ELI5.do not use uber hot water :( I learn this the hard way when winter arrives every year. The best shower is a skin-reddening hot shower, and my face fucking hates me for it in the cold months.
This has been asked several times, and as I understand it, the search used to be much, much worse. Search engines operate using an algorithm, which is basically a set of instructions. Sites like Google and Bing have very good algorithms because they have teams of smart people working on developing and updating them. Because the companies pay lots of money to develop the search algorithm, they usually don't let other people look at them and copy them. (Google's algorithm is not a secret, but it is patented, so it would be illegal for Reddit to simply copy it and start using it.) Reddit on the other hand is relatively small in terms of employees and doesn't have as much money to spend on developing their own algorithm. Therefore the one they have works, but is not as good as one that a large team of well paid people develops. A nifty trick is using Google's own algorithm to search Reddit! Simply Google search: site:reddit.com whatever you want to find. You can narrow the search down by putting quotes around the term you want and by specifying the site search parameter to the subreddit (ex. site:reddit.com/r/explainlikeimfive "reddit search function")
It is a massive continent with many resources, and a population of 1 Billion. Why isn't there a China, US or EU equivalent in Africa?This is long, but I tried to keep it as simple as possible. TL;DR is outside influence, the ineffectiveness of exporting ressources as a source of money, mad men in power, war. There are, of course, many many reasons for this. Let's get one thing out of the way from the start: what you see on TV is most likely not what Africa is actually like. Some parts are better, and others worse. It may surprise you that almost every African capital city has a business district with tall buildings, fairly well looked-after roads, where everyone has a mobile phone, well-off districts etc etc. The entire continent is note made of dirt, it isn't in the news because no one is interested in the normal stuff. What Africa is missing, in the opinion of many, is an industrial sector that actually uses the many ressources that they have and adds value to them. Gold, diamonds, metals of all sorts bring untold riches to SOME, but not to many thanks to corruption and war, and they always immediately leave the country. The Gold mined in Ghana might, for example, be sent to Switzerland, where they purify it and re-sell it as high-carat gold. This is worth a LOT more. The Ghanaians will get at most 10% of the final selling price. A Chinese factory might buy lots of copper from Zimbabwe, but then THEY are the ones who will turn it into wires. Again, the Zimbabweans won't get a high percentage, and those who do will keep it.
Like You're Five: Let's say that you live in a neighborhood with a lot of big lawns that need mowing. Most people will pay a neighborhood kid to mow their lawn, say $10. A new family moves in, and they have a couple of kids. The new family's older brother goes around and promises to mow lawns for $5, and everybody signs up. Instead of mowing the lawn himself, he makes his little brother do it for $3. The little brother doesn't do a very good job, but enough people like the savings that they keep using them. Eventually, the older brother hires more kids at $3 an hour to keep up with demand. So, what happens? Most of the kids who were doing a good job for $10 are out of business. The little kids are hardly making any money, so they doesn't get as many comics, snacks or toys as the other kids, even though the same amount of work is getting done. The neighborhood looks kind of shabby, because everyone is going with the cheap service instead of the nice one. Is this a problem? Well, it kind of depends on who you are: Are you one of the people who own a house and want the cheaper, "good enough" lawn mow? Are you one of the kids who thought they were worth $10 and now have to find a new job? Are you one of the kids who are mowing lawns for $3? Everybody has a different perspective.
It seems like in the majority of fields there have been people as smart/capable/gifted, if not more, than their predecessors (writing, drawing, physics, chemistry, math, etc.), but in terms of classical music, all I hear is that no one is as good as the three guys I listed above. What's with that?What makes the three of them the most important figures in classical music is what they accomplished. Bach was a genius. He perfected baroque music. He did things that composers today struggle to create, such as a six-part fugue. There's a sort of mathematical symmetry present in Bach's music that is absolute genius. His music still sounds progressive today for some odd reason. A good example is Stokowski's orchestration of Pasacaglia and Fugue in c minor. Mozart pioneered many subgenres of classical music. He wrote 40 symphonies, 44 concertos, 20 operas, hundreds of compositions for chamber ensembles, and a pretty amazing requiem. He had a massive output of compositions from the time he was a young child until his death. Beethoven helped pave the way for the romantic period. You can hear a stark contrast between Beethoven's symphonies and Mozart's, for example. Beethoven added a sense of expression to classical music that had never been heard before. This all being said, I hardly ever listen to the three composers, because I feel as though there are much more interesting compositions in the classical repertoire, such as music by Mahler, Shostakovich, etc. Nonetheless, Bach, Mozart, and Beethoven had a substantial effect on classical music. Composers, critics, and audiences alike still adore the compositions of the three to this day. I guess you can say they are so important because their compositions have stood the test of time.
And if the answer is that there's less radiation, then why is that?This question has been asked on here several times before. Or /r/askscience for a more in depth answer. This comment from the askscience thread from poster kovanos does a good job at explainlikeimfiving: I think of it like comparing the blast of a flamethrower, to dumping burning coal. The flamethrower might have been hotter, but when it's gone, it's gone, other than the small fires it started (various activated materials who recieved some of the neutrons). The coal on the other hand, continues to burn for a long time. Edit: As to why Bikini Atoll is more hazardous than Nagasaki/Hiroshima, more than 20 nuclear weapons were tested there, including a hydrogen bomb.ELI5: If hydrogen is the most common element in the universe then how come we don't all die of radiation poisoning?Did the US do this on purpose? Make it so the damage only lasted a small amount of time? Or was it the nature of the accidents in Cherynoble that made the difference?
I'm sure this happens to a lot of you. Some are more violent then others. Why does it happen? EDIT: I realized there are more serious conditions caused by Restless Legs Syndrome. I was talking about the casual subconscious (wrong choice of word in title) shaking, usually when working on something and sitting on the edge of the chair. Thanks for the responses though!When you sit down for long periods of time, the parts of your body that are being compressed get a lesser amount of blood flow to them. We certainly cannot continue like this for very long amounts of time. We need blood flow to prevent something called hypoxia, which is decreased amounts of oxygen in the tissues. Luckily, we have evolved to avoid hypoxia by moving around, and by feeling uncomfortable when we've been in the same position for too long. Moving around decompresses the area so that blood flow is restored, and moving also contracts some of our muscles, which act like pumps, pushing the blood along so that it doesn't clot. We do it almost unconsciously, shifting weight, moving our legs, stretching, even while sleeping. Now I don't know why you shake your leg up and down, it may be normal or pathological. But I just wanted to share.Similarly, movement (activation of vestibular, proprioceptive systems) helps us maintain attention. When you are sitting for long periods of time in class you often do this to maintain alertness
I'm finding myself paying much closer attention to the quality of my music collection lately, and would like to begin to optimize my listening experience, and join the audiophile community. Thanks in advance!Sound is made up of various frequencies. The lower frequencies correspond with stuff like bass and midbass, the middle frequencies are just that, "mids", and the higher frequencies are your higher treble notes. The numbers on your equalizer correspond with specific frequencies, and by adjusting the slider up or down, you can adjust the particular volume of a given frequency. Usually the equalizer will make a smooth transition between two frequencies for simplicity's sake (so you don't have one for every 10Hz or something). The reason for having equalizers is just that -- to "equalize" the sound coming from your speakers or headphones. As a result of the way they're designed and manufactured, speakers can vary wildly in how powerful they are in certain frequencies. Smaller speakers are better with higher frequencies, and bigger speakers are better with lower frequencies. What this means is that, if you were to run through a frequency range, certain ones would be louder or quieter than others. What and equalizer does is allow you to modify these frequencies before they make it to your speakers, to try and keep your spectrum flat.
Thanks!There's these things called quantum particles, which are really really small and are very difficult to see. If you try and look at these quantum particles, then you disrupt whatever they're doing. Observing them causes them to change their behavior and their state, because they act differently when they interact with the outside world (us). In other words, we thought it was impossible to observe these tiny particles without affecting them. These researchers have come up with methods to observe and measure these particles. This was previously thought to be impossible. They figured out how to observe the particles without disrupting the state they're in and affecting their behavior. edit - IGNORE THIS. The Nobel prize was given for work on manipulating quantum states in ion traps and with photons in cavity. This showed a lot of people that quantum computers are possible. (Thank you The_Serious_Account)How do they know they are doing something different when we don't observe them if we can't observe them without affecting them previously?
Think of it this way: 5 x 6 means you take 5 steps forward 6 times, leading to 30 forward steps. (-5) x 6 means you take 5 steps backwards 6 times, leading to 30 backwards steps. 5 x (-6) means you take 5 steps forward, but you do it 6 times in reverse, leading to 30 backwards steps. Finally, (-5) x (-6) means you take 5 steps backwards, but you do it 6 times in reverse, leading to 30 forward steps. I changed the numbers to 5 and 6 to avoid confusion. 144 / (-12) is asking, what kind of step do I need to take 12 times in reverse to walk forward 144 steps? and the answer is 12 backwards steps. Edit: what a wonderful surprise to come back to! To whoever got me reddit gold: I love you. I came up with this example for an algebra class a few years back. I had no idea it would have such a wide appeal.but you do it 6 times in reverse... My math teacher in grade school used a similar analogy, only worded as: "do it 6 times facing backwards" and "what kind of step do I need to take 12 times facing backwards to walk forward 144 steps?"
How do they affect our bodies differently?Edit: Warning: I am not a doctor or a pharmacist. I researched everything I wrote before I wrote it, but I am not a medical expert, and nothing I say could replace the advice of a real doctor or pharmacist. I just have a non-medical life sciences background and a lot of experience translating medical-speak into English. As chippeh said, advil is the brand name for ibuprofen, and they are the same. I'll translate the drug speak into plain English, but I'd like to include it so you know what it means when you see it again. Ibuprofen (name brand Advil/Motrin): Its primary use is to reduce swelling and inflammation (it's a non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug, NSAID). It's really good at this. It's also used for menstrual pain. Acetaminophen aka paracetamol (name brand Tylenol): It's an pain-reducer (analgesic) and reduces fever (antipyretic). It also reduces swelling (anti-inflammatory), but not very strongly. Others have suggested I shouldn't even mention this, because the anti-inflammatory properties aren't enough to be effective if you take it for that. Extremely important warning: Overdosing or extended use of tylenol wrecks your liver and is a major cause of liver failure in the developed world. Never ever take more than the bottle says to.
What do they do that makes them bad/good? Why do some foods have more of the antioxidants?All day, you breathe air in and out. This is to get yourself oxygen, a type of atom which is very important to have. Your body needs oxygen because of one thing oxygen has, that not many other atoms have. Oxygen is very sticky. It's one of the stickiest atoms there are. Oxygen likes to stick to stuff because of it's "electronegativity", and it will try to stick to whatever it can. When you breathe in oxygen from the air, it comes in pairs. These are two oxygen atoms stuck together, making their stickyness cancel out. Your body knows how to unstick them and use them to glue other atoms together to form molecules that can be used throughout the body to make things, from bones to skin. But when a single lonely oxygen atom gets free, we call it a "free radical" A free radical is just a single oxygen atom, but remember how we said oxygen is very sticky? It will try to stick itself onto other molecules, even when it shouldn't! This can easily break things, because the molecules in your body have to be very carefully made. If an oxygen molecule just walks up and sticks to it, this is very bad. Lucky for us, there's other types of molecules called "antioxidants". Antioxidants are molecules too, but they have a special slot just for sticky oxygen atoms. Antioxidant molecules are sticky too, but they have a shape that only fits with a sticky oxygen atom. If you eat antioxidants, they will go around your body gobbling up all the sticky oxygen atoms, before they stick to something they shouldn't.
OK so others have explained the reason as to why they had to go public. My personal knowledge is incomplete in this area. However, on why it's tanking (I'm going to assume basic to no knowledge in economics for you): Imagine you have 10 people buying apples and 1 person selling them. The price of apples is set by the person selling them, but if it's too high, nobody will buy them; if it's too low, the seller might lose money. The 10 people buying are commonly referred to as "the market", which essentially means that people who buy the apples decide how much they're worth (to an extent). Now, imagine Facebook = apple farm. In the beginning, the farm belonged to Zuckerberg and his workers, and they produced apples and kept all profits. But then some guys came along and said "we will give you extra land in order to make more and more apples, but this farm is now open to everyone to buy and sell". These guys are called bankers and this is essentially opening his farm to the public, by allowing others to fund / own portions of his farm. Now, when you open up the farm, like an auction, you have to set a starting price for all the land you want to make available. In Facebook's case, the bankers set the asking price really high, and nobody is buying it, because "the market" is deciding that the profit they will make from selling apples is not worth what they have to pay for the land. So now, Facebook has to lower the price of its land in order to be able to sell it. This is why Facebook's stock is plunging.
So assuming that the marbles are packed as close to eachother as they possibly can be (with no room in between them), couldn't you potentially send a signal instantaneously? Here's the forum the question came from.Have you ever bounced on a trampoline? When you jump on one, you don't simply bounce off a stationary surface, but instead the whole surface is pushed downwards before bouncing back and launching you into the air. It turns out that actually, all materials do the same thing. For example, when you bounce on the pavement/sidewalk, the concrete is actually being pushed down by your feet a bit before pushing back. However, when the concrete returns to being flat, it doesn't move enough to throw you in the air, which is why you don't notice the effect (there are a few other factors at work as well which I won't mention here, but if you're interested then look up "damping"). The same thing will happen when you push one end of your line of marbles. The first marble will be compressed a bit, and when it "pushes back" it in turn hits the second marble, which hits the third, and so on. The total effect is something we call a "compression wave", and it travels through materials (be they concrete pavements, chains of marbles, or anything solid) at the speed that sound travels through the material. This is because sound waves are actually compression waves too! So in fact, the marbles don't react instantly. The speed of sound is really fast (it's even faster in solid materials than it is in the air), so we don't usually notice these effects.
What incentive would anyone have to do something like that?This was asked a while ago in r/answers, here is what I posted then: It depends, there are all kinds of viruses. A lot of the most new and innovative viruses are proof-of-concept viruses. These are generally made by skilled hackers (and I do mean hackers here, not crackers et al), who, in the process of learning about computer systems have discovered a vulnerability and want to see if it can be exploited, not to actually do anything malicious, just to see how it would be done, to satisfy their curiosity. The morris worm, one of the first recorded internet viruses, is one such virus. These viruses tend to have no payload, and thus do no harm (the morris worm did harm only accidentally). Other viruses do harm, but only mischievous or annoying harm. These tend to be created by script kiddies who know enough to be able to write them, but not enough to know that they shouldn't. Often these viruses will announce their presence loudly and gloat, generally with the intention that the script kiddie gains notoriety as a leet haxor, but this of course doesn't happen. The last, worst and most recent type of virus is the truly malicious virus. Since people started doing real business online, banking online, and storing personal information on their machines, there has been a growing financial incentive to crack peoples computer security systems (such as they are). These viruses will tend to make an effort to hide their presence and remain undetected, while they send off personal data for use in identity theft, log keystrokes to steal passwords used online, pop up ads for profit, etc. They tend to be written and managed by organised crime syndicates and other unpleasant characters who only became interested in computers when the opportunity for illegal profit became apparent.
It comes down to your preferences, that's why there's so all the different options. Your computer components will most likely never fail due to heat cycling or starting and stopping and save a hardware defect will be obsolete before their mechanical life expires. Each successive step you asked just uses less power and takes longer to complete. Hibernation is great for laptops if you leave work open but it does make a lot of writes so keep frequent backups if you have a solid state drive because consumer-wise their longevity is the most untested of all computer hardware. I use sleep on all my systems since it's almost instant-on. Depending on the age of your system and it's specs, here are some rough comparisons with a rough yearly electrical bill expense (@ 8.7c per Kilowatt Hour) On/idle 24 hours a day (screen off - don't use screen savers unless you like pretty pictures): 60-250 watts | $45-$190 Sleep 24 hours a day (monitor off): 5 watts | $1.91-$3.81 Hibernate: 1ish | less than a dollar a year
I know Facebook happened but is there more to it than that?In hindsight, MySpace's initial dominance in the social media space seems to have been a "first mover advantage". They were the first to tap into social media in a way that captured the attention of a critical mass of people. Social media was still a very new world though - an undeveloped market - and what MySpace offered was a niche in the context of what social media has become. Picture present day social media as a big pie, of which MySpace is a little sliver. Most of the pie hadn't been made when Myspace came around, so everyone jumped on board, but as social media has become bigger broader, MySpace basically stayed the same. Facebook put pictures, messaging and social planning at it's core, and those features appeal to a broader base of people than the MySpace core that includes site ("space") design and music sharing. Subsequently, many of the people that joined MySpace because "OMG, social media" found that newer social media sites (mostly Facebook) actually suited their needs better.I would add that Myspace had largely corrupted itself before the social scene took off. Myspace was covered in apps, weird custom pages, etc... and looked dirty. Facebook looked outstandingly web 2.0 and clean in comparison. Facebook also opened initially to the perfect audience, college students and opened school by school so the hype factor there was huge. Now Facebook has largely met Myspace in terms of crapola apps, etc... but they have cornered the social market so well it doesn't appear to do any harm.
There is no voodoo here. Many of them are used interchangeably now, or in ways that provide euphony. Others like "highway" have some obvious uses, but maybe since they are all used so similarly we can find some value in exploring their individual etymologies and how they were used differently in the past. avenue 17th century. Originally a military word. From Middle French avenue "way of access." Meaning shifted to "a way of approach to a country-house," usually bordered by trees, hence, "a broad, tree-lined roadway" (1650s), then to "wide, main street" (by 1846, especially in U.S.). road From Old English rad "riding, hostile incursion." Also related to raid (TIL!!!). Modern spelling established 18c. street West Saxon stræt, an early West Germanic borrowing from Late Latin strata, used for via strata "paved road." OE also adds: "In the Middle Ages, a road or way was merely a direction in which people rode or went, the name street being reserved for the made road." highway From Old English heahweg "main road from one town to another." The UK's High Streets have a similar background, though the meanings differ now.
I am reteaching myself math, but something is bugging me soooo bad and I can't find the answer. What is a real life example of multiplying a fraction by a fraction? I was wondering why .05 to the 5th exponent would get smaller not bigger. This is driving me bonkers.It has to do with where the individual is being filmed. The reason paparazzi are able to take pictures of celebrities is because they are almost always taken in a public place. In most places in the country, it is completely legal to film anyone who is in public or in view of the public (this is why paparazzi stand on sidewalks and film people out walking). You are also allowed to film and photograph anyone on your own property. This is how "To catch a predator" works. They have proprietary rights over the homes they work out of. Although in about half of the states, it is illegal to record a person , either over the phone or with a camera without getting their consent first. So "to catch a predator" cannot do what it does in all states. Since "cops" often takes place in other peoples property, they have to gain consent of the homeowners, bar owners, crack house owners, to publish photographs taken on their property. Tldr: Watch it again. If people are in the background eating at a restaurant or on some other private property, faces will be blurred out. If they are standing around in the road, you will see their faces.
[deleted]ELI5: The sequester is a series of budget cuts that are so "bad", any deal agreed upon before then - by either party, would be more ideal. In order to encourage the house/senate to reach a decision (a decision on budget cuts) by a certain date, they came up with a "no one wants this" budget cut, but a "this will work if we can't figure something out" budget cut. So, the idea is - "We have to come to terms with eachother on a series of budget cuts that are better than the sequester. If we cannot compromise by a certain date, the sequester will automatically go into effect - and could seriously screw over some people/programs, but accomplish the budget cuts." In essence, both sides disagree on what is "good" for the economy, but they put things in the sequester that they agree are too drastic of a measure - so either side would rather compromise than have the sequester go into effect. In order to avoid the sequester, both sides must come up with a plan that fulfills the needs of the country. If they would have been able to do that, they could have thrown out the sequester, and replaced it with a bipartisan solution. They were unable to do so, the cuts went into effect Today (3 1/2 hours ago as of when I wrote this comment).
Ok, I know I'm probably the biggest idiot ever for wondering this, but do the actors actually have sex with each other or are they just semi naked in the same bed but not actually having sex? I'm not sure which one would be more awkward to film. I'm not talking about pornos, talking about actual movies.John C. Reilly tells of his experience filming a sex scene with Jennifer Aniston on the set of the movie Good Girl: “It’s all dark, and she’s a little tense ’cause a sex scene is going to happen. So I get there, and she’s under the covers, and I’m like, ‘Okay, I guess they just want me to get in position here’. So I climb into the bed, she opens up the sheet, and I swear, she had two pairs of sweatpants on, winter socks, a long-sleeved T-shirt. Her body is basically like a burqa from the neck down. And I go, ‘Okay, I guess I’ll get on top of you now’, and she’s like, ‘Can I get the chastity pillow please?’ I’m like, ‘What the hell is a chastity pillow?’ And they bring out this big black pillow that she puts between her legs. And from that moment on, I went from Robert Palmer to the Hunchback of Notre Dame. ‘I’m sorry. I guess I’ll just hump the pillow.’”What about sex scenes where the actors are almost certainly nude? The scene in Watchmen with Nite Owl and Ms. Jupiter comes to mind.chastity pillow
I know Moore's Law is about transistor size, rather than cycles per second, but I don't know how to think about processor improvement except in terms of speed. What makes modern processors preferable to older ones? (Heck, my grandpa's ~10-year-old Dell has a 2.0 GHz Pentium 4.)I've seen a couple people use the "trucks of dirt analogy" here, but I don't feel like anyone has done a great job so far, so I'm going to attempt to use that analogy to explain many key constructs of processor architecture, along with how those constructs can be improved to make a processor go faster. However, I don't like dirt so much as I like candy, and I think a 5 year old would wholeheartedly agree with me on that point, so I'll be using candy instead! Disclaimer: it's been a while since my Computer Architecture course in college, so please correct me if I miss something or get something wrong. Imagine you have a large city, and outside the city is a gigantic candy warehouse. There is a highway that connects the factory to the city. The warehouse's only job is deliver candy to various places within the city, and the people in the city love their candy! The first and most obvious limit to how fast they can deliver candy is the actual speed of the delivery trucks. If a single delivery truck is able make 2.2 thousand trips to the city and back per year instead of 2.0 thousand trips, the factory is obviously going to be able to fill more orders, and faster. However, there is a limit to how fast a delivery truck can drive on the highway; if the driver goes too fast, he might lose some of his cargo unexpectedly, or he might even crash. So, the speed of a single delivery truck is limited by the safety of the road.
Title pretty much sums it up. I track my daily calorie consumption and cannot resist an occasional craft brew (today is Daisy Cutter Pale Ale). I can usually find nutrition online, but it's a small annoyance. If someone could explain why companies are not required to display nutritional facts for alcoholic beverages, I'd greatly appreciate it. It seems illogical... Edit: my question is focusing on the United States - sorry other countriesThey don't fall under the FDAs jurisdiction, so they aren't subject to its regulation.In other words, in a meaningful sense, beer is not food.(As a 5 year old): Ok, why doesn't the the ATF require companies to list nutritional information for alcoholic beverages? Indubitably.As far as I know, the bulk of alcohol regulation falls to the states and they all have very different rules.That raises another question: would it be illegal to market an alcoholic beverage as being more nutritious than its competitors?I recently had a hard cider that had the info on the side. Maybe it's that it was a "craft" cider. Also, I've learned from that that I really don't wanna know how many calories are in my booze.
If I was to become the mayor of a small town with like 2000 residents what would my actual 'job' be?Much like the job of any CEO. You're not going to get bogged down doing jobs yourself. You're in charge of overall direction, planning, and decisions like hiring high level personnel, and delegating to various departments. Most of your days will be spent in meetings, staying informed of projects, budget, etc. and listening to proposals for future projects. The only real difference is a CEO wants to maximize returns for shareholders, while for a Mayor, shareholders are residents, and "returns" tend to be quality of life and other similar measurements.This is good, I just want to point out the other side of the job, which is public relations. You'll have to cut the ribbon at new developments, march in local parades and such, give a speech at graduations, all that sort of thing. If the job is elected, and if there's competition, you may also have to run a campaign, although this is likely to not be as big a deal in a small town.This sounds a lot like what I imagine a city manager does. Can you elaborate on the differences?
I tried to google this, but I keep getting different answers.You could try giving this a try: http://www.stanford.edu/group/stanfordbirds/text/essays/Walking_vs_Hopping.html From what I can gather, it's not entirely known why some birds hop and others walk. It might be those that hop tend to hop in trees and continue hopping on the ground out of habit. Maybe it's because they are small and it's a more effective way to move around. I personally wonder if passerine birds (think song birds) might have trouble walking as their feet are built a bit differently- their ligaments pull their toes closed when their legs are bent so they don't fall out of trees when sleeping.I personally wonder if passerine birds (think song birds) might have trouble walking as their feet are built a bit differently- their ligaments pull their toes closed when their legs are bent so they don't fall out of trees when sleeping. I guess it depends on the particular species of bird you mean - to use two well-known examples of passerines that live here in Tasmania, the common blackbird is fairly small, and I don't think I've ever seen them move in any way apart from flying or hopping. However, the Australian Magpie (about as large as a raven, maybe a little smaller) is very adept at walking, although it can't run for too long because of the length of its legs (although they're still long enough for walking).
In light of the recent documents being released about the cover up, I have become very interested in this case. Can someone explain to me, how the coroner taking the blood alcohol content of the victims, as well as checking for criminal history, played a part in the cover-up? I don't understand the correlation.I was a toddler when the disaster happened, so I am sure there are plenty of others more qualified to explain, but as a Liverpool fan who was brought up in Sheffield (the Hillsborough stadium is 5 minutes walk from my house), this is something quite close to my heart so I have tried to keep on top of it. I hope this explains as best I can. From the wording of your question I assume you know the basics of what happened in the build up: Liverpool fans were given the Leppings Lane end of the stadium, which was incredibly run down and in dire need of repairs. The turnstile in particular were old and faulty, meaning it was taking far longer to get the supporters through the gates than it should. Rather than delay kick off and ensure safety, the police decided to open a gate providing an unrestricted influx of people into the stand. The lack of stewarding and poorly designed fences meant that this influx of fans was concentrated into the two central pens. These were only designed to hold ~1500 people, but were quickly stuffed to double that amount. It took the police far too long to realise there was an issue, and then did little to help those hurt and dying due to the crush at the front of the pens. When the game was abandoned, and gates were opened to allow the fans out of the pens, they began helping the injured. They broke up advertising boards to carry unconscious and dragging people out from the crush to try and help them. The police told the 42 (yes forty two) emergency ambulances and their crews that they could not go and help due to drunken hooligans fighting. This did not happen. Only one ambulance (as far as I know) made it to the pitch, after ignoring orders from police. That paramedic said there was no fighting, just panicked people trying to help loved ones.
Edit: Front page, holla.You've played video games right? Ever played a video game so much you know it backwards and forwards and know every little niche here and there and have all the maps memorized? People who know how to break into other computer systems are exactly like that but with operating systems. When you know a video game so well as I explained you learn little tricks, loop holes, and bugs. You learn how to use the game in a way that the developers didn't intend and or foresee. You use this in the game to your advantage to get more kills or win. People learn computer systems in the same way you learn the game, they play with it ... a lot. They learn the programming language it was built on and how all the protocols it uses work, like tcp/ip. They create their own programs, or use someone elses (script kiddies), to interact with the system and manipulate it or to take advantage of a loophole/bug. Quick example, ever heard of a sql injection? See the search reddit form to the right? Generally you would enter the term you want to search for and the polite codes goes off to the database and runs some commands and searches for entries matching what you entered and returns the result. On some unpatched, unproperly setup systems you can enter sql code (the database software commands) into the field and instead of doing what it was intended the database will instead run those commands which could be hostile, such as returning password tables.
I'm so curious about this currently. Seems like the whole internet has done a complete 180 on this video. And now the dude behind it all has been arrested following a mental breakdown? Wtf did I miss?Alright, like you're five (Note: The characters in the following are representative, but I in no way mean to equate them to their real life counterparts. This is how I would explain it to a five year old, that's all). Let's say I came to your school and did a really fancy, moving presentation about a horrible house in the next state where a squatter was being horribly mean to the dozens of kittens in the neighborhood. It was a really sad video, with lots of pictures of hurt kittens, meowing sadly and looking up at you with pleading eyes. Then, the video's presenter turned to you and said, "Do you want to help the kitties?" Well, of course you'd say yes! Who wouldn't want to help kitties, right? His plan for saving the kittens is for you to go home to your parents, get some money and buy matching t-shirts and bracelets with the pictures of the bad man to 'raise awareness' and then to go to your school's football team, and beg and plead with them to go over there, team up with the home owners and kick his ass so he can't hurt the kittens anymore. Except it turns out, the squatter was evicted five years ago. He's in the next state with one or two kittens, which sucks, but he's not the one causing problems for the hundreds of kittens in the original state. Instead, they're in really bad shape because the home owners are almost as violent as the squatter is, they're food is being stolen by corrupt humans and the absolute last thing they need in their lives is a bunch of well-meaning but misguided goons running around, kicking over their litterboxes, fighting people and empowering their corrupt, negligent and violent owners.
In the US, banks have only recently (in the last couple of decades) become computerized at the branch level. Before that every transaction done was recorded in a ledger at that branch. This is why there would be fees and limitations on what you could do if you went to a branch that didn't 'hold' your account. They had no quick way of verifying funds. I never worked at a bank while they were run on paper so I don't know the details completely, but each day every teller must balance his or her drawer and without having a computer system doing the majority of the work it can be very tedious and time consuming, which is why banks used to close at 3pm. To give their staff a reasonable amount of time to balance and reconcile the day's transactions and go home. Nowadays every transaction is recorded electronically and sent to a central database. Making balancing nothing more than counting the cash in your drawer and comparing it to what the computer says you should have. Also, the Federal Reserve processes every single check and electronic transaction that goes through the bank even today. The routing number on your checks which looks like " :|123456789:| " tells the Fed what bank that check is from and where to send it to collect funds. You deposit a check from x bank to z bank, z bank then sends the check off to the Fed which then presents the check to bank x. So because the Fed isn't open on the weekends everything done over the weekend is posted for Monday's date, the next available business day.
It seems like the launching of the rocket from the Earth is not an easy thing. Any little error or deviation can delay the launch. But how the hell without any equipment, launch station, etc did they manage to leave the moon?A rocket engine. But the trick is that the rocket stage that took off the moon only needed enough fuel to bring the Astronauts (and soil samples from the Moon) back to Lunar orbit, where the much more powerful command-service module (CSM) was waiting to bring them back to Earth. Also, the descent stage of the lunar lander acted as a sort of "launch station" and was left behind. Also, it should be noted that there are many different types of rocket engines. The ones used to take off from Earth are very maintenance-intensive, because we can afford them like that. For example, they're powered by liquid oxygen and liquid hydrogen, which have to be stored so cold that they literally boil in the tanks and have to be replenished continuously during the countdown. The kind of engine used in the Lunar ascent stage uses hypergolic fuel. This basically means storing two different chemicals that ignite on contact, then making them come into contact on purpose - they don't require an external ignition source, which removes a possible point of failure. Much easier to operate, but much less powerful than a liquid oxygen/hydrogen engine - but that's fine, because gravity is much weaker on the Moon.
Elsewhere, I posted a summary of "Obamacare" (The PPACA), giving the gist of what's in it... and people had questions. Oh my, so many questions. And they wanted citations... so I went and looked up page numbers in the actual document. And as I read it, I started thinking... what if I just go down the bill and talk about each section, in order, in a way that a layman might be able to understand? It's a huge undertaking. The current version of the bill is 974 pages long. Yikes! However, I think that by summarizing and simplifying, we can whittle that down to something more manageable. But it's going to take a while to do it. Maybe a week. Maybe more. If enough people are interested, I'll keep adding to this until I'm finished. So, without further ado, here goes... (Note: I am NOT an expert! I'm just a guy. If I have made an error on any of this, please let me know!) (Note: Unlike my previous post, for the sake of clarity and continuity, any references to page numbers will be referring to the PDF file, not the page number in the document) Page 1 - Title page Page 2 - Disclaimers 'n stuff. Technically, this is a condensed version of the bill. I guess the actual legal version has a lot more legalese... or something. Pages 3-32 - Table of Contents Page 32, Sec. 1001 - Alters another bill (The Public Health Service Act), just to make room for the additions this bill is going to make. So when you read that other bill, it makes sense and doesn't look like a bunch of stuff was just tacked on at the end. Page 33, Sec. 2711 - Says that insurers can't have lifetime limits on the amount of care customers can get, and that starting in 2014, they can't have yearly limits either. So you get as much care as you need. Page 33, Sec. 2712 - No more "rescissions". In other words, Insurers can't just drop customers once they get sick. The only time they can drop a customer is if that customer commits fraud. Page 33, Sec. 2713 - Insurance plans need to include preventive care (colonoscopies, mammagrams, immunizations, etc.) without any extra costs (like co-pays). I should note that this section also includes something that led to a bit of controversy - It says that health insurance must include preventive care for women supported by the Health Resources and Services Administration. And the Health Resources and Services Administration, on the recommendation of the independent Institute of Medicine of the National Academy of Science, has determined that preventive care for women should include access to, amongst other things, contraception. Insurers must provide these services, and cannot require a copay for them. They are paid for by the insurance company. On February 10, 2012 (or February 15th, if you go by the header in the document), the Department of Health and Human Services issued this document, detailing its enforcement of this section. It clarifies that churches are exempt from being required to provide coverage for contraception, and that insurers are to create plans specifically for religiously-owned businesses, like Catholic hospitals, so that employees still get contraceptive coverage through their employer without any of the costs being paid by the employer or the employee. Page 34, Sec. 2714 - Insurance plans need to cover dependents up to the age of 26 Page 35, Sec. 2715 - A year after the law was passed, the Secretary of Health and Human Services would need to get together with National Association of Insurance Commissioners to establish standards for the insurance industry. This is basically to make sure that everyone is using the same terms, the same language, and is providing the same information to customers, so customers have a better idea how to compare one policy to another. Page 37, Sec. 2715A - From now on, insurers must, in a clear, easy-to-understand format, make a bunch of information public: What their policies are, how many people are using their plans, how many claims they deny, financial information, etc. Page 37, Sec. 2716 - Refers to rules in another document, the Internal Revenue Code, but it looks like it's just making sure insurers don't give preferential treatment to rich people. I'm guessing this means a more expensive plan might cover more stuff, but wouldn't let the rich guy cut ahead of you in line at the doctor's office. Or something. Page 38, Sec. 2717 - 2 years after the law passed, the Secretary of Health and Human Services needs to establish rules for how insurers will report, on a yearly basis, the quality of care given under their plans, to be made available to the public online. This includes stuff relating to wellness and prevention programs (healthy eating, anti-smoking, etc.), as well as a big section making it clear that customers aren't supposed to be asked about gun ownership (in case someone thinks it might be a good idea to factor that into their reporting). Page 40, Sec. 2718 - Insurance companies need to make public how much they spend on insurance claims, and what they make in profits. Starting in 2011, if their costs (and risks, and overhead, etc.) is less than 80-85% of the money they make, they need to send rebates out to their customers. Basically, they're not allowed to do price-gouging to make obscene profits. Page 42, Sec. 2719 - Insurers need to offer customers the ability to appeal a claim that was denied. This appeal process will be monitored under an external review process to make sure it's doing what it's supposed to. Page 43, Sec. 2719A - Makes sure that customers can decide their own doctors, and that if their insurance covers emergency care, customers can go to any emergency room without having to worry whether their insurance will cover that specific emergency room. Basically, this section insures that customers still have freedom of choice where they get their medical care. Page 46, Sec. 1002 - Adds the next part to a different bill, the Public Health Service Act Page 46, Sec. 2793 - The Secretary of Health and Human Services will offer grants to states so that the states can have a Consumer Service programs that will investigate problems customers have with insurance, help to spread information, answer questions, and help to facilitate appeals processes. Page 47, Sec. 1003 - Adds the next part to a different bill, the Public Health Service Act Page 47, Sec. 2794 - The Secretary of Health and Human Services will decide what constitutes an "unreasonable" increase in premiums, and conduct an annual review of increases in premiums to look for these. Insurers must explain their reasons for any such unreasonable increases before making them, and must make this information available to the public. If any insurer increases premiums too much or too fast, it may be dropped from "exchange" programs (more on this later). Page 49, Sec. 1004 - This is just detailing when some of the earlier stuff should happen. It's already all done. Page 49, Sec. 1101 - The Secretary of Health and Human Services will make a "high-risk pool" insurance program for people with pre-existing conditions, to make sure they can get insurance right now. The program ends in 2014 (because in 2014, insurers can't refuse anyone with a pre-existing condition). Page 52, Sec. 1102 - Gives a reimbursement to insurance plans that provide health insurance for early retirees Page 55, Sec. 1103 - Create a website ( http://www.healthcare.gov/ ) to help people find health insurance in their state, and give them information about options available to them. Page 56, Sec. 1104 - Making changes to a few other bills, The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, and the Social Security Act, to add definitions and clarify the wording in some sections, and to specify that the paperwork people have to fill out should be clear, concise, and easy-to-understand, as well as to incorporate the use of medical cards used with electronic databases. Basically, this whole section is changing the wording in a few other bills so that all of the bills make things simple and easy for people to fill out paperwork (or simply use a medical card) at hospitals and stuff. Any health plans that don't follow these new rules for clarity will have to pay a fee. Page 63, Sec. 1105 - This is just detailing when some of the earlier stuff should happen. It's already all done. Page 64, Sec. 1201 - This one is changing another bill, the Public Health Service Act, by adding in the following section. Page 64, Sec. 2704 - Starting in 2014, No more turning people down due to "pre-existing conditions". This is already in effect (as of 6 months after this bill passed) for anyone under the age of 19. Page 65, Sec. 2701 - Starting in 2014, the only things about you that insurers can take into consideration when determining your premium rates are whether you want to cover your family or just you, what your age is, whether or not you use tobacco, and other factors to be determined by each state (unless the Secretary of Health and Human Services believes a state's "rating area" to be inadequate, in which that rating area may be changed). Page 65, Sec. 2702 - Starting in 2014, Insurers must accept everyone who applies for coverage. Page 66, Sec. 2703 - Starting in 2014, Insurers must renew coverage for everyone who has it. Page 66, Sec. 2705 - Starting in 2014, Insurers can't restrict you from getting a plan based on past illnesses, genetic history, a disability, previous health care you've gotten, because you were the victim of domestic violence... basically, your personal health history is off-limits when it comes to insurers deciding what plans you can apply for. Page 70, Sec. 2706 - Starting in 2014, If a doctor or hospital is willing to work with an insurer, the insurer has to let them. Page 71, Sec. 2707 - Reiterating that the plans offered have to cover the stuff specified by the other sections of this bill. Page 71, Sec. 2708 - Starting in 2014, Waiting periods can't be longer than 90 days. Page 71, Sec. 2709 - This has to do with "Clinical Trials", stuff that's not ready for mass use yet, and that is still being tested. Basically, it's saying that starting in 2014, people should have access to that sort of trial if they want, and that their insurer shouldn't be able to screw with their insurance plans because they choose to participate in one. Page 74, Sec. 1251 - Says that when this law passed, no one had to change their plans. They could if they wanted, but they could totally keep their current plan if they like it. Page 75, Sec. 1252 - Says that the changes this law makes apply to all health plans companies offer, not just some. Page 75, Sec. 1253 - The Secretary of Labor needs to make a yearly report to Congress on self-insured employers. Page 76, Sec. 1254 - A year after this law passes, The Secretary of Health and Human Services needs to write a report on group health plans. Page 76, Sec. 1255 - You know the dozen or so "In 2014"s I've put in a bunch of the recent bullet-points? Well, this is the part that specified they happen in 2014, with the exception of a few parts that start sooner. Page 77, Sec. 1301 - This section talks about what a plan needs to be in order to be "qualified" (basically, okay for an insurer to sell). It needs to be certified for the requirements of the insurance exchange it's going to be in (more on the exchanges later), it needs to have the features described in the next section, needs to be sold by a licensed insurer, needs to be sold at the same rate regardless of whether it's sold directly or in an exchange, etc. Page 78, Sec. 1302 - The last section talked about what a plan needs to be, but this one talks about what needs to be in it. And that's a lot of ground to cover, so bear with me. The Secretary of Health and Human Services is going to determine what the minimum levels need to be for everything, but this section outlines that by saying that health insurance plans must cover bare minimums of ambulatory services, emergency services, hospitalization, maternity and newborn care, mental health services, drugs, rehabilitative services, laboratory services, preventative services, and pediatric services that include oral and vision care. This section also goes into detail on just how the Secretary is to determine those minimum levels (be mindful of different types of people, be balanced, etc.). This section also limits how big deductibles can get starting in 2015 (no bigger than $2000 for individuals and $4000 for couples). On top of that, this establishes that plans should fall into Bronze/Silver/Gold/Platinum levels, with each corresponding to a different level of benefits. For Bronze, insurers pay for 60% of the costs of the benefits, Silver is 70%, Gold is 80% and Platinum is 90%. A plan that's not one of those could still be okay if it's a Catastrophic plan, which is only for people under 30 or with special tax exemptions, and it only has to cover three primary care visits. Additionally, any plan created for adults must also be available for children under 18. Whew! That was a long one! Okay, let's move on... Page 83, Sec. 1303 - A state may choose to fund plans that include abortion coverage, or they may not. It's up to each state to decide that. Basically, the folks who wrote the bill knew what a hot-button issue abortion was, and they wrote this section to pass the buck on to state lawmakers without siding one way or another. Page 87, Sec. 1304 - This section defines a bunch of terms. Okay, now we're about to get into health insurance exchanges, which allow plans to compete across different areas. The idea, if I'm getting this right, is that by having more insurance companies competing across a larger area, prices will be driven down due to competition. As I understand it, this is what they ultimately ended up doing instead of having a "public option" (optional state-run insurance to compete with the others). Since the public option got shot down before the bill was passed, this was seen as another way to encourage more competition in the market. It bears mention, that in the 6/28/12 Supreme Court ruling on this bill, it was declared that states are not required to establish health insurance exchanges, and that they cannot be penalized for refusing to do so by reducing the funding they get for Medicare and Medicaid. However, if any states choose to opt-out of the creation of these exchanges, the Secretary of Health and Human Resources may simply create the exchanges for those states directly (or even go as far as to create a multi-state exchange encompassing any number of states that refuse to create their own). This is just speculation, of course, but in any case, the court decision shouldn't greatly impact the creation of these exchanges. Page 88, Sec. 1311 - Another big one. This section sets aside money to the states so they can start up health insurance exchanges. The Secretary of Health and Human Services determines how much to keep giving the states based on how much progress they're making. States only have until 2015 to get their act together, though - after that they get no money. However, states must have something ready by 2014. States can choose to require insurers to have benefits that go above and beyond what this law requires, but they have to figure out how to pay for anything they come up with that requires more government money. by 2015, the exchanges need to be self-funding. States can even team up to make multi-state exchanges if they want. Page 99, Sec. 1312 - Individuals can get any plan they qualify for. If you qualify for it, you can get it, if you don't, you can't. This section seems to be talking about different ways people can get insurance (through employment, through a broker, etc.), and making sure they get it. Also, Congress has to make use of the same plans us ordinary taxpayers have. Page 102, Sec. 1313 - States need to keep track of the money these insurance exchanges are using, make sure they're working right financially, and watch out for fraud. Page 104, Sec. 1321 - The Secretary of Health and Human Services is to set the standards that these insurance exchanges are supposed to follow. If any state fails to follow them satisfactorily, fails to get it set up in time, or chooses not to do it at all, the Secretary will set one up for them. Page 105, Sec. 1322 - This sets up the rules, as well as instructions for loans and grants, for the creation of non-profit, member-run insurers called Co-ops. Basically, what credit unions are to banks, this aims to be for traditional insurance companies. This section aims to make it easier for a bunch of people to band together to start their own non-profit insurance company to provide insurance all the people who banded together. The idea is to give people more options, and more competition in the market. Page 111, Sec. 1323 - This option is stricken and no longer exists. Looks like it was probably the public option back before it was kicked off of this bill. Page 111, Sec. 1323 (same number, different section) - Allocates money specifically for territories that aren't states, like Puerto Rico. Page 112, Sec. 1324 - This says that Co-ops have to work under the same laws as normal insurance companies. Page 112, Sec. 1331 - This allows the government to create a low-cost insurance option for people who make too much money to qualify for Medicaid, but who still make less than 200% of the poverty line (which is a number that depends on your age and how many are in your household, but this amount, at its lowest is a little over $20,000/year). Page 117, Sec. 1332 - If any state can come up with their own plan, one which gives citizens the same level of care at the same price as the PPACA, they can ask the Secretary of Health and Human Services for permission to do their plan instead of the PPACA. So if they can get the same results without, say, the mandate, they can be allowed to do so. Vermont, for example, has expressed a desire to just go straight to single-payer. Page 119, Sec. 1333 - In 2013, states can work with insurers to allow them to make plans available in multiple states with different laws and regulations Page 120, Sec. 1334 - A different way for an insurer to do a multi-state plan. Page 124, Sec. 1341 - Starting in 2014, states must either create or work with an already-existing non-profit reinsurance agency. Reinsurance agencies basically buy insurance plans from insurers when they are deemed to be high-risk. This helps to keep premiums for other customers down, since otherwise insurers would have to raise prices to offset that risk. This section talks about some of the rules for these sorts of agencies. 50-100 medical conditions are to be identified as high-risk conditions that insurers can offer up to reinsurance agencies. Partly to offset the risk these agencies are taking by taking on these high-risk customers, reinsurers are tax-exempt. Page 127, Sec. 1342 - In 2014-2016, the government will create "Risk corridors", basically saying that in the first few years while insurers adjust to all these new rules, the government will help with some of the risk associated with insurance payouts. Page 128, Sec. 1343 - Each state will charge insurers who take on less risk, and make payments to insurers who take more risk, acting as an equalizer so that the companies that succeed aren't just the ones who cater mostly to demographics with a low amount of risk. Page 129, Sec. 1401 - Alters another document, the Internal Revenue Code, by adding the following section. Page 129, Sec. 36B - Starting in 2014, gives a refundable tax credit to everyone who makes too much to qualify for Medicaid, but makes less than 400% of the poverty line (which, again, is based on your age and how many people are in your household). Depending on how much you make, this could save you up to $10,000 a year. A refundable tax credit is basically a discount on your taxes, and if it's more money than you pay in taxes, you actually get the extra money back as a refund. This is the bill's answer to the question "How will I afford insurance if I make too much to qualify for Medicaid, but not enough to afford insurance on my own?". Page 138, Sec. 1402 - If I'm reading this right, insurers must reduce costs (both co-pays and overall costs) for everyone who makes too much to qualify for Medicaid, but makes less than 400% of the poverty line (which, like I said last time, is based on your age and how many people are in your household). Depending on how much you make, your co-pay costs could be slashed by up to two-thirds the normal price, and your overall costs could be covered up to 94%. If you're an Indian (presumably Native American Indian) making under 300% of the poverty line, you have no co-pay. This section specifically says it only applies to citizens and legal aliens living in the US (so no illegal aliens allowed) Page 142, Sec. 1411 - It looks like this section instructs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to set up a way to check whether people are eligible to buy insurance. It looks like it's basically, in a roundabout way, trying to keep illegal aliens from being qualified for insurance, and setting up penalties for anyone who lies on insurance forms. Page 150, Sec. 1412 - This section instructs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to set up a way to check whether people are eligible for the tax credits and the insurance cost reductions (that "up to 400%" stuff). Basically, instructing him to set up a system to determine what people qualify for based on their income. And also, no illegal aliens. Page 152, Sec. 1413 - This section instructs the Secretary of Health and Human Services to set up standard forms and enrollment procedures for state-level programs like Medicaid and Child Health programs. Page 154, Sec. 1414 - The Secretary of Health and Human Services is allowed to share relevant tax information with those who need it in order to verify what people qualify for. Page 156, Sec. 1415 - All these tax credits and refunds won't count as income. So they won't be taxed or anything. Page 156, Sec. 1416 - The Secretary of Health and Human Services is instructed to conduct a study into the possibility of adjusting poverty levels based on where people live. Because making $30,000/year in rural Kansas is a hell of a lot different than making $30,000/year in San Francisco. Page 157, Sec. 1421 - Alters another document, the Internal Revenue Code, by adding the following section. Page 157, Sec. 45R - Businesses with 25 or fewer employees can get a tax credit worth up to 50% of the cost of the health care they provide their employees. The following parts deal with "The Requirement to Maintain Minimal Essential Coverage", AKA "The Mandate". This is one of the big parts that people have taken issue with, and the very same one that the Supreme Court recently ruled is constitutional (as long as it's seen as a tax and not a penalty, for all those lawyer-types out there). Page 162, Sec. 1501 - This is a big, fat, explanation for the reasons behind The Mandate. Basically, without the mandate, people might just decide not to pay for insurance, which places a huge risk not just on themselves, but the hospitals who will eventually have to treat them when they get sick or injured. The economy loses a ton of money due to uninsured people needing emergency care, which in turn makes insurance premiums more expensive as that cost is passed on. What's more, medical expenses account for 62% of bankruptcies, which introduces even more stress into the economy. And with this bill getting rid of "pre-existing conditions", if there was no mandate, people would just wait to buy insurance until they need it, which pretty much defeats the whole point of insurance. In addition, requiring people to get insurance will make millions of people healthier and live longer. Besides, the more healthy people who have insurance, the less of a risk insurers are taking, which lowers everyone's prices. Page 164, Sec. 5000A - This is the actual mandate. If you can afford healthcare (if it costs less than 8% of your income), but don't get it, you will be hit in your tax return with an annual tax of $95, or up to 1% of income, whichever is greater. This will rise to $695, or 2.5% of income, by 2016. This section makes an exception for those with religious exemptions (the Amish), members of Indian tribes, and prison inmates. It also specifies that no one's going to be charged with any crime or anything, it's just a new tax if you don't comply. Page 171, Sec. 6055 - Insurers need to tell the government who they're insuring, either directly or through employers, in which case they need to tell the government which employer they're working through too. Page 173, Sec. 1511 - This one is changing another bill, the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, by adding in the following section. Page 173, Sec. 18A - If an employer has over 200 employees, and offers a health plan to those employees, new employees will be automatically signed up for that health plan, though employees can opt-out if they don't want it. Page 173, Sec. 1512 - This one is changing another bill, the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, by adding in the following section. Page 173, Sec. 18B - Employers need to notify new employees about their options with health insurance exchanges and tax credits. Page 174, Sec. 1513 - Alters another document, the Internal Revenue Code, by adding the following section. Page 174, Sec. 4980H - Starting in 2014, if an employer has over 50 full-time employees and doesn't offer them insurance, the employer has to pay a fee of $2000/year per employee. If they employ part-time employees, their hours are to be added together to see how many full-time employees they'd represent (in other words, it's not a simple head count). The Secretary of Labor is to conduct a report to see what effect this has on employees' wages. Page 178, Sec. 1514 - Alters another document, the Internal Revenue Code, by adding the following section. Page 178, Sec. 6056 - Employers need to report to the Secretary of Health and Human Resources about the insurance being used by the employees working for them. Page 180, Sec. 1515 - Alters another document, the Internal Revenue Code, by adding that you can't get a plan using an insurance exchange through a "cafeteria plan" (a plan where you specifically pick what is and isn't covered). I think this is saying that if you're well enough off that you're going to nitpick the details of your insurance policy, you can buy all of the elements of that policy directly. Page 181, Sec. 10108 - This section has to do with Free Choice Vouchers. Judging from news reports, it looks like it has since been repealed. It would have required employers to provide these vouchers to employees. Page 181, Sec. 139D - More on Free Choice Vouchers. Again, looks like it was killed off after the bill passed. Page 183, Sec. 1551 - Says that this part of the bill uses the same definitions as another bill, the Public Health Service Act. Page 183, Sec. 1552 - 30 days after this act passed, the Secretary of Health and Human Services had to publish online all of the authorities he has been given under the act. Page 183, Sec. 1553 - The Federal Government, States, and insurers cannot discriminate against doctors and hospitals that refuse to do assisted suicide. Page 184, Sec. 1554 - The Secretary of Health and Human Services will not promote regulation that limits peoples' ability to get health care, or limits doctors' ability to communicate with patients. Page 184, Sec. 1555 - Any Federal Health Insurance Programs created by this act are optional (anything like Medicare and Medicaid, for example). No one has to join them. Page 184, Sec. 1556 - Alters another bill, the Black Lung Benefits Act. From what I can tell, this has to do with health problems suffered by coal miners. It looks like it's extending the dates to cover more recent issues. Page 185, Sec. 1557 - Health insurance programs benefiting from Federal credits and subsidies cannot discriminate against anyone based on age, gender, race, etc. Page 185, Sec. 1558 - Alters another bill, the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, by adding the following section. Page 185, Sec. 18C - Employers can't discriminate against employees that have received tax credits. Page 186, Sec. 1559 - The Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services is in charge of administration and implementation of this law, as it pertains to his department. Page 186, Sec. 1560 - Names a few random laws and says "this bill doesn't change any of these laws". Page 186, Sec. 1561 - Alters another bill, the Public Health Service Act, by adding the following section. Page 186, Sec. 3021 - 180 days after this bill was passed, a couple of Health Information Technology committees will work to start spreading information and helping people enroll in Health and Human Service programs Page 188, Sec. 1562 - The Comptroller General of the United States is directed to conduct a study on the denial of coverage. This section details how he's to go about doing it. Page 189, Sec. 1563 - It looks like it's basically saying that when you buy a business, you can't use this bill as an excuse to ignore any of the usual laws when doing so. Page 189, Sec. 1563 (Same number, different section) - Alters another bill, the Public Health Service Act, by making many small changes. It looks like most of them are either slight alterations and rewordings, additional definitions of terms, and language that fits in better with this bill. Page 196, Sec. 715 - Alters another bill, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, by adding that the rules in that document apply to group insurance plans as well as individual insurance plans. Page 196, Sec. 9815 - Alters another document, the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, by adding that the rules in that document apply to group insurance plans as well as individual insurance plans. Page 197, Sec. 1563 (Yet another one with the same number, but a different section) - This basically just says that the Congressional Budget Office says that this bill will reduce the budget deficit, extend Medicare solvency, increase the Social Security Trust Fund, and have savings in a few other areas. It also says that these savings will go towards those programs and not folded back into the PPACA. (Now with links to the pages referenced, thanks to the help of nerddtvg! Aaaaand... I've hit the character limit for a self-post, so this will be continued in Part 2)Please continue! There is so much misinformation out there regarding this bill, and we are so grateful to you for taking the time to create a Cliff Notes version. One suggestion would be to add a hyperlink to the actual section of the bill at each of your "bold" entries, so those you want to dive deeper and read the actual text may do so easily.I would, but I'm not sure how to do that for a PDF document. If anyone can enlighten me I'll go ahead and add that in.Thank you so much for doing this, and please continue. So many people have strong opinions on Obamacare knowing barely anything about it. Hopefully, summaries like these will help counteract the proliferation of uneducated opinions on this issue.
If said space station managed to stay perfectly aligned is a point to discuss, but say the space station ARE managing to stay perfectly aligned and nothing hit the stick, such as another planet or meteor(Or whatever the correct term is).Unfortunately, unless Einstein messed up, you can't send information faster than the speed of light. When you're pushing on that stick, it actually does take time for the "push" to reach the other side depends on the material properties of the stick. If, for example, the stick was really floppy like a string, if you wiggle the string, you can see that the "wiggle" will take some time to get to the other side. The more rigid the material is, the faster the "wiggle" will go across. If you have a perfectly rigid object, then yeah the signal will go across at the speed of light. But it won't be instantaneous. Why? Because objects on a small scale are not continuous - they're a bunch of molecules that have some interaction with each other. For example an iron rod has a bunch of iron atoms a particular distance from each other - close enough so that they can bond together (the reason for this distance is so that they can delocalize their electrons, but this is above a ELI5 level), and far enough so that the charges in the atoms don't repel each other. So if you push on one end of this iron rod, the 1st bunch of atoms you push on will get too close to the a bunch of atoms in the next slice of the rod, too close for comfort, so the 2nd slice of atoms will move away from the 1st, causing it to get close to the 3rd, etc. until it goes all the way down. On a small scale, this is pretty fast. But on a larger scale (e.g. 600 light years), the "push" will be propagated down the rod like a wave that travels, at maximum, the speed of light.
What I mean is surely something such as coke zero can't be so "not unhealthy" for one. Whats the catch?Your brain doesn't know the difference between artificial sweetener and sugar. When you drink coke zero, your taste bud sentry calls up your brain saying "Sugar! Sugar! Alert, we have sugar!" Your brain sends a signal to your digestive system, and General Digestion is all like "let's do this shit!" She is ramping up her forces; they have legions of warriors ready to do battle with the calories that are coming down the pipe. They can hear it coming, and the general is all like "Hold.....Hold.....Wait for it!" and as the coke zero flows into the digestive system, all hell breaks lose. There are no calories? Where are the calories? There should be calories! Your digestive system is like the Harlem Shake when the beat drops. The general calls up the president and says "You better tell General Metabolism to slow the fuck down. There is some crazy shit going on here." President Brain exclaims, "Explain yourself soldier!" After a 4 second pause, in a quiet defeated tone, General Digestion says... "I think we might be starving..." Your metabolism responds faithfully and slows down. Meanwhile your appetite is increasing, reminding your conscious brain that it needs food to survive, not this nothingness syrup. Once the battle is over, your brain starts to questions its intelligence. How could I be wrong? It tasted sweet? It tasted sweet!
Considering that much time might be spent chasing (or fleeing) enemy ships, rather than being side by side and exchanging broadsides, why didn't ship designers put more effort into placing guns that could fire forwards or backwards rather than just sideways?Deck space. Guns required a carriage as well as a port-- when they fired, they would kick back HARD. They also required a crew of several human beings, who also needed space to move around. It wasn't that big of a deal to turn broadside, that's where the armor was, and there was a lot more real estate to mount guns along the flanks. Edit: also, in the bow there is really nowhere to carve out a gunport, so you're stuck with only the space available on top (unless the ship has a significant forecastle, which messes with speed). The stern, being generally square, had more options, but it was also the weakest-armored portion of the ship, and when a ball did penetrate, it was likely to rake the length of the ship, causing maximum casualties. Not a place you generally want people shooting at.A) You could not put gun ports in the bow because in heavy seas, they would be constantly under water, making the ship take on water, which is bad. If a bow gun port were to fail in a heavy sea, one could lose the ship. B) ok, put a gun on deck. The bow of sailing ships is a narrow part of the ship, so only a couple guns would fit. Typically smaller guns. One risks hitting the bowsprit of the ship firing forward, so one must be careful.
[deleted]The actual mean song length is closer to 4 minutes. There seems to be a lot of misconceptions along the lines of "that's how long our attention span is". The actual reason for the length is because of the storage media which were, in the early 20th century, gramophone records. From [Wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Single_(music)): The inherent technical limitations of the gramophone disc defined the standard format for commercial recordings in the early 20th century. The relatively crude disc cutting techniques of the time and the thickness of the needles used on record players limited the number of grooves per inch that could be inscribed on the disc surface, and a high rotation speed was necessary to achieve acceptable recording and playback fidelity. 78 rpm was chosen as the standard because of the introduction of the electrically powered synchronous turntable motor in 1925, which ran at 3600 rpm with a 46:1 gear ratio, resulting in a rotation speed of 78.26 rpm. These factors, combined with the 10-inch songwriters and performers increasingly tailored their output to fit the new medium. The 3-minute single remained the standard into the 1960s when the availability of microgroove recording and improved mastering techniques enabled recording artists to increase the duration of their recordings.
I understand it's a salmonella issue, atleast with chicken; but what causes some meats to be perfectly fine? Update: With a bit more thought, I suppose my questioning is addressing more the human body's ability to digest raw meats - a more appropriately aimed question would be: ' Why are some animals' flesh fine to eat raw, whilst others cause food poisoning? And how is this specific to current humans, as we have evolved from humans that survived solely on a diet of raw food?First, there are no meats that are 100% safe to eat raw. There is always a risk of bacterial contamination/poisoning, especially if the meat is not cleaned properly. Second, in some places, people DO eat raw chicken...and horse, for that matter. See here from Japan: http://4.bp.blogspot.com/_FmIQvAuJZXc/ShIm1PBngrI/AAAAAAAAB1Y/yZ_eZC8LZpw/s400/chickensashimi.jpg Now, to your question. Saltwater helps kills bacteria, making fish less susceptible to contaminants than meat from land-based animals Sushi restaurants still take precautions. A required step involves freezing fish at temperatures of -4 degrees Fahrenheit (-20 degrees Celsius) for seven days, or frozen at -31 degrees Fahrenheit (-35 degrees Celsius) for 15 hours, which kills any parasites (since these thrive in warm temperatures). Salmonella on chicken rarely enters the meat itself, but rather thrives on the skin. Chicken sashimi (toriwasa), is often braised or seared on the outside before being chilled as above both to kill lingering bacteria and improve the texture.
I wanted to tell you one of the cool things about fractals. Draw a square. This square has an area, space inside the edge, where you would normally color (you did a great job on that art project at school, by the way). You can color this shape until there is no white space left. Now take this other marker and trace the line. You can trace the line until the old line is covered up. Now if I cut a square out of the corner and put it somewhere else, like this:    ______   |      |__   |         |   |         |   |         |   |______   |          |__| You can color the same amount inside and it will still cover the entire shape. Now trace that line. Did you notice it look a little longer to trace the line? [[OOC: I would probably have graph paper to demonstrate, or cut a real shape out of blue construction paper, maybe string to show perimeter]] Now if I did this a lot of times, with smaller and smaller pieces, you can see how messy the edge would be. The inside would be the same amount of color, but it would take longer and longer to trace the line, because it is so twisty, not like a simple square. If you were to do this forever and ever, you could still color inside the shape with the same amount of color, but you would never have enough markers in the whole world to be able to draw the line. The line would always be longer than anything you could ever draw. We call this line "infinitely long" which is even longer than your sister takes in the bathroom!
[deleted]Long story short, because you're used to it. Since you sit with a hunch all the time that's naturally how you're the most comfortable. Your back isn't used to sitting up straight so when you do make an effort the muscles that aren't used to being used tired quickly, if you made a long term effort to correct your posture it'd get easier as your body adjusts. Apparently the "proper" way to sit up straight is to put your weight on the two pelvic bones at the bottom of your butt/top of your thigh with your back straight while slightly leaning forward, shoulders relaxed and not hunched. All relaxed of course, sitting like you're strapped to a board will just tire you out more quickly.Hasn't sitting up straight been debunked? I could have sworn I saw an article that said you should sit a little bit relaxed. http://www.wired.com/geekmom/2012/09/dont-stand-up-straight/I observed a Physical therapist last week and she said the best way to sit 'straight' is to put your navel to your spine. This sucks in your stomach a little but it still gives you the lordosis (the curve at the bottom of your spine) you're suppose to have. After a while you'll do it without noticing. By doing this, your upper body pretty much straightens itself.
Even stretches where my head doesn't go below my waist, like having one leg up on a beam and leaning forward, I always get lightheaded and have to stop. Why is that?Stretching tells your body to put more blood in a certain area. This decreases the pressure in other parts, like your head. Imagine your body is a long, semi-inflated balloon that's almost completely deflated at one end. When the balloon sends some of the air to the deflated portion, the rest of the balloon bets slightly less inflated as a result. The lightheadedness is caused by a slight drop in blood pressure. Eventually, your brain gets used to it and you get back to normal thinking abilities. IANADoctor, so there's probably a more in-depth explanation, but this is ELI5.There is also a condition that lowers the ability of your body to pump blood into your head. I have it, and without my medication, if I stand up too quickly I might faint but will likely just go black for a few seconds.From a biophysics perspective, it seems to me like it wouldn't be so much of a chemical signal telling the area to receive more blood as simply negative pressure created by tissue expanding and increasing it's internal volume.
Fox Hollywood, doesn't have contradictory interests politically than Fox News. What 20th Century Fox produces is a lot of movies, and yes some do go against the grain of the political views of much of the Fox News shows. But the simple fact is they produce these movies, for the same reason Fox News itself exists: Money. Fox News came about because Murdock (I'm using him here as a figurehead here, not saying the idea was his or of that sort) believed that the media was biased, and he wanted to create a completely unbiased news network (read: a conservative news network [Note before those few on the right come to attack me: There is nothing wrong with having a conservative news network. It doesn't have be "Fair and Balanced" as it tries to say, it isn't, and it won't ever be. Just like MSNBC, it has a sway to it, and it isn't balanced, it is the opposite of MSNBC, and exists as that reason]). Now what this did was shift a huge portion of the CNN crowd who didn't like being told that maybe their side does some wrong (they all do) and created a huge load of wealth for News Corp. What 20th Century Fox does (and Fox Broadcasting Company does with a lot of it's more political liberal [Simpsons, Family Guy, Glee, etc.] shows) is it ties in the other side of the spectrum. You now are being paid a huge buttload of money by pissed off conservatives, who then piss off a bunch of left wingers, who then use your movies and tvs as escapes into a better more liberal minded world, and you're getting money from every single aspect. It's money over philosophy, money over convictions.
Like the title says really, surely it's all good contraction for the muscles? I know there are other reasons why people shouldn't take cocaine. Also, I'm aware that not a lot of five year olds need to know about this.Let's pretend your heart is a person. During exercise, when your heart beats, it's like it is out jogging. During cocaine use, when your heart beats, it is like it's jogging and pushing a shopping cart. This is because during exercise your blood vessels get wider to let more blood go through, but during cocaine use your blood vessels get smaller, making your heart have to work much harder to push blood through them. I know this is in ELI5, but just in case you want to read about it on a higher level: http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/jfwlz/whats_the_difference_between_your_heart_rate/ Cocaine's effects are pretty much analogous to the effects of the stress response in the top answer (i.e. tachycardia and vasoconstriction). EDIT: I decided to tack on some explanation because as I think about it more, the real issue isn't just blood pressure, it's tachycardia and arrhythmias. Another big difference for your heart (still using the exercise analogy) is when you are exercise, therefore your heart is running, if your heart gets tired, it will tell you that it's tired of running and you can stop exercising. But when you are taking cocaine, it tells your heart to start running and even if your heart gets tired the cocaine will not let it stop.
The muscles that you are thinking of that are becoming tired after short periods of work are called skeletal muscle. However, the fatigable muscles are not all of the skeletal muscles you have-they're just the ones you notice most. Muscles like the biceps become fatigued when we lift things with our arms, and muscles like the quadriceps become fatigued when we lift with our legs. Other muscles are not as susceptible. A set of muscles runs up and down your back along your spine-their purpose is to help hold your body upright all day long. These take hours to fatigue, even under the constant strain of holding your body up (you use these when you sit straight and when you stand). Then there's the king of the non-fatigable skeletal muscle: the diaphragm. You use this to breathe, which you do constantly throughout your life, and it only fatigues in individuals with respiratory diseases. These muscles that don't fatigue tend to use oxygen very efficiently. They have many mitochondria and are well supplied by blood vessels, so that they can generate as much energy in the form of ATP as possible. Fatigable muscles are less efficient in the use of oxygen, and for a couple of reasons this leads to a shorter time to fatigue. The heart muscle is related* to the group of muscles that use oxygen efficiently, which explains (at least in part) why it can beat for so long without stopping.
What am I listening to? How does the cell phone signal affect the speakers?Basically, it is your cell phone talking back and forth with the cell phone tower nearby. If I were to explain this to a five year old, I would tell them that normally, your speakers receive a special music signal from your iPod/TV/whatever. When your speakers recognize this signal, it converts it into an audio signal, i.e. something our ears can hear. The signals sent between your cell phone and the nearby cell tower are very strong, strong enough to where your speakers get confused and convert the signal into sound as well. This is that "bleep dip bleep bleep dip" noise. Now the scientific reason why this happens will follow that basic skeleton explanation. Let me know if you want me to go into that further.I would like you to go further. As far as I know, cell phone signals are in the microwave band whereas most radio signals are in the FM band. Furthermore, cell phone signals are supposed to be particularly weak and are in constant communication with their cell towers, yet I've only heard that sound when first receiving a call.
Something i'd really like to know.There are 2 main types of beer, Lagers and Ales. Everything falls under these two. Lagers Lagers: typically light in color and flavor, fermented for a longer time at colder temperatures, invented by the Germans. Most American macro beers are lagers, such as Budweiser. The German Bock, Marzen, and Dopplebock are all lagers but can be darker and heavier. Pretty much any beer from Asia is a lager, Sapporo, Kirin, Asahi, Tsingtao, etc. along with most of the green-bottle beers from Canada and Europe and the Mexican beers as well. Pilsners: A type of lager that started in Czechoslovakia, a little hoppier than lagers but always light in color and body. Examples are Pilsner Urquell, Sam Adams Noble Pils, Trumer Pils, Budvar. Ales Hefeweizen: German wheat beer, typically served with lemon or orange wedge (not necessary!), light and refreshing. American Hefes are similar but don't have the banana/clove aromas that the German ones do. Germans also have Dunkelweizen (dark wheat), Kristalweizen (really light wheat) and some other variations. Franziskaner is a good German version.
Young person here, has the youth of the world always been this way or is just this current generation? Is this phenomenon as prevalent as I think it is or do I just have a skewed view of popular opinion from browsing reddit and other news outlets with predominantly left-wing demographics? Is it income-related? That's the only factor I can think of at the moment, -that youth rely more on welfare and support from the state when going to university, moving out of home, buying their first home, etc. Whereas older citizens who are comfortable financially no longer feel the need or see the use for a welfare state. EDIT: Thanks for the responses everyone, there's a lot of great information in here and this is probably the most resoundingly successful ELI5 thread I have ever started. Lots of good discussion and a minimum of flaming! Thanks for the great insight b0ngsmoke! I just woke up and need to work but I'll be reading it all later.My dad used to be very liberal and somewhat of an activist. This is basically what he told me: Young people think the world can change because they see social movements begin and think that good government can help make this happen. As people grow older they see social movements die out and realize the world isn't changing. They have seen more examples of bad government than good which convinces them that less government is better. They realize that supporting idealistic causes is only holding them back financially and their boycotts of big corporations is only making them drive further and pay more to get the products they want when they could be spending time and money on their own family.That is really fucking depressing.But the world is changing; the problem is that the changes are often so gradual that they're not recognized as what they are. For example, when I was born here in Canada 43 years ago, the ideas of career women and mixed-race marriages were so unorthodox that my Mom was given a hard time for marrying an Italian and going to dental school. The biggest secret a person could have was being gay, and you had keep it a secret if you wanted to live a "normal" life. Today, a large majority of Canadians have no problem with any of these things, and those who do are seen as retrograde cranks. I fully expect more extreme attitude changes to occur over the 43 years (mostly in the energy and environmental areas, I think), and I hope I'm around to see if I'm right.
Your GPS device is just a reciever, it doesn't send anything to the GPS satellites. So they all listen to the same signal (like millions of people can listen to the same radio station).This is correct, and to add- it works by triangulation. Imagine if you were somewhere near 3 cities. You don't know where you are, but each city is sending out a signal, and from this signal, you can determine exactly how far you are from the city, but not where you are or from which direction it is coming. If you figure out that you're a distance of x from City A, you know that you are somewhere on a circle of radius x centered at City A, but you don't know which direction you are. If you figure out that you're a distance of y from City B, and draw another circle of radius y centered at City B, this will intersect your first circle at two locations, so now you know that you are somewhere around one of those two locations, but not which one. If you figure out that you're distance of z from City C, and draw a circle of radius z arounc City C, you'll find that this intersects the first two circles at one point. That point, where all 3 circles intersect, is your exact position. GPS actually uses a very precise clock to figure out distance. It works a bit like when you see lightning, and count the seconds before the thunder to figure out how far away it was, knowing that the light is almost instantaneous, and the sound travels at roughly 343 meters per second. GPS uses signals that travel at the speed of light, so the clock needs to be very precise to figure out how long it took, but modern technology can do that. It can also use more than 3 satellites to get an even more accurate position. It's also worth noting that the maps and directions are all done by your device, and stored locally on it- the satellites just provide the timing signals so the gps can figure out where on its map you are.
In fact, why do we have our tray tables up? What would a seatbelt do at that speed? Why does 3 inches of incline matter? Shouldn't our comfort matter more? Explain this to me like I'm five.If anything goes wrong on a plane, there's a good chance it's going to happen during take-off or landing. You have to turn off your electronics so that - if anything does go wrong - you'll be able to hear the pilot or flight attendants give you instructions. Your tray table is up so you can stand up and get out of the row easily when you need to evacuate. Same for putting the seat up. The seatbelt keeps you in your seat in case the plane hits turbulence. It's not going to do squat if you hit a mountain, but if the plane drops 50 feet in an air pocket and you don't have your seatbelt on, your head is hitting the ceiling - hard. Your comfort matters, but I'd rather be uncomfortable than dead.Your seatbelt could also make an enormous difference in the event of a crash landing or watch water ditch.It's not going to do squat if you hit a mountain, but if the plane drops 50 feet in an air pocket and you don't have your seatbelt on, your head is hitting the ceiling - hard.
Can anyone explain Matuyama-Brunhes event and how we were able to identify it from sea cores and the like? This fascinates and is beyond me.(As a note, it seems I've spent most of my post explaining magnets and how the earths magnetic core works, instead of explaining the process of identifying historical pole reversals from seacores. But I'll be damned if I wrote this all up, only to throw it away.) Edit: As this post seemed to gain some popularity, I would like to clarify that I am not a physicist, nor a geologist, and most/all of the information was done with a little internet research. A few comments have pointed out a few "nitpicky" errors, and I've tried my best to amend them. But it's nitpicky details that makes patterns recognizable, and learning fun. Wow, Mr. 5-year-old, sudden magnetic pole reversals? Let's not get ahead of ourselves. First of all, what in the hell IS magnetism? It's all electrons. (Edit: Kind of. Keep reading.) Electrons are tiiiiiiiny tiny things that exist everywhere and within everything. I could go on about how crazy electrons are, but that would be a totally different explanation. When an electron moves from point A to point B, it produces a magnetic field. That field has a shape and strength that is specific to how the electron moved. Wait, what? Where was the magnet that produced the magnetic field? There was none. It was the electron. In fact, when an object creates a stable magnetic field, all that is really happeneing is a bunch of electrons inside the object are moving in a structured, stable fashion. When a lot of electrons are all moving in the same way, it creates a stonger magnetic field. Woooow, that's crazy. Magnetic fields are kind of like the byproduct of a moving electron. Fact 1: The movement of electrons cause magnetic fields. ( A magnetic field is created for any timely change in the electric field. It doesn't matter if this is caused by electrons moving, or protons, or carbon core nuclei, or even just because there's a electromagnetic wave coming by, without any massive particle being associated. Thank you datenwolf! However, a moving electron is relevant to this application, and is what will be continued to be used as an example throughout the post. But just be aware that electrons don't have a monopoly on the magnetic field front.)
I've talked it over with a few people, and everyone's agreed that there's a certain time of night (it varies between people) after which people aren't really tired and become more awake and aware again. After that point, it's much harder to get to sleep. Why does this happen?This isn't perfectly related to your question, but it reminded me of this. Apologies for the source. "Eight hours of sleep—doctor's orders, right? Perhaps not. A number of recent studies have pointed to a human tendency to sleep in two sessions of about four hours each, with an hour or two between, the BBC reports. A researcher in the 1990s put subjects in darkness 14 hours a day in a month-long study. Four weeks into the experiment, the subjects were regularly sleeping for four hours, waking for an hour or two, then sleeping four more hours." http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Polyphasic_sleep http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/03/05/8-hour-sleep-myth_n_1322376.htmlIf this is the same study, it states that mid-night awake period is home to some Seriously fulfilling sex. ELI5 Edit: sex = mommy/daddy time.
Can he declare bankruptcy? A fine like this is worse than a prison sentence, and in my opinion, does not fit the crime committed. How is the average person supposed to pay this kind of fine?Probably what will happen to Mr. Tenenbaum is that he will be subject to a 'Wage Garnishment'. Folks who owe child support will be very familiar with that term since it's also used against them. http://www.dol.gov/compliance/guide/garnish.htm Assuming that he or his lawyers don't find a way to duck the $675k fine, this means he owes a debt of $675k. Of course, barring winning the lottery or becoming a successful businessman, most folks are never going to be able to pay that much in their entire lives. That means that a court, probably not the same one that convicted him, will issue an order saying that he has to pay so much out of every thing he ever earns up until he has paid off his debt... which will likely be never. Because child support disputes, tax debt, and other kinds of debt are so common, most businesses who have more than just a couple employees deal with wage garnishments as a matter of fact. You can't be legally fired for having a wage garnishment, nor can an employer legally refuse to hire you for having one.
Many people in here are making this too complicated. And the idea that pigments are causing the rainbow colors is wrong. Meat is made of muscle fibers. When cut at a specific angle these muscle fibers form something called a "diffraction grating". Other natural "diffraction gratings" are butterfly wings, and the shells of certain beetles, which is why they appear rainbow colored. There is nothing wrong with the beef, it's just cut in a certain way.And just to point this out, your educated guess is lightyears beyond the fakery on that goddamned FDA source, which is about as far from the truth as we can get.Youre wrong. And even if it was diffraction, it wouldn't be a "diffraction grating". That's a material with evenly spaced slits that lets light pass through.. You'd be thinking of a diffracting surface. This is a case of thin film interference. The proof is that even though the main color is green, it ranges from red to violet. The thickness of the most refractive layer, which exists at the surface, determines the color. if it was a diffractive surface, there would be only one color, since the muscle fibers are evenly spaced.
It makes it illegal to be forced to have to join a union and pay dues? How is that bad? In other words, why is it good to force people to join unions and pay dues? Edit: it was not my intention to make the question sound biased. The phrasing was based on what I'm seeing in the news - mass protests etc. Why all the protests?Just started reading about it a little, Forbes did a pretty good writeup on the situation and it doesn't seem too biased.That article actually does a great job of describing the situation. It is my understanding, and is noted in the article, that some states with Right to Work Legislation have very strong Unions, because people still want to be part of an organization that will fight for their rights. This whole 'debate' is, unfortunately, being blown way out of proportion by the Unions. If anything, this is better for the workers because they have a choice - unionize or not. Some sectors will benefit from this, and some will not. Just like Unions in the first place.TLDR: "right-to-work laws don’t affect the rights of employees to form unions or engage in collective bargaining. The only difference is employees can choose not to join the union and pay dues."
There are two reasons that I can think of, off the top of my head: First, you don't get access to all the energy at the same time. Generally speaking (and way oversimplifying it), your body prefers to fuel itself using the food you eat instead of using your stored fat. Because of this, almost all of the fat remains in storage most of the time, but you still have to carry it around with you, and carrying all that extra mass makes you tire faster. It's like walking around with a heavy lead apron on all day - it doesn't really provide much in the way of energy benefits, but adds a lot to your energy costs. Second, overweight people also tend to be less fit anyway - eating too much and doing too little tend to go together. So a tendency towards lack of exercise among overweight people leads to a tendency towards tiring more easily as well.As a Biomedical Engineer and general workout enthusiast, this is pretty accurate and a great answer for a child (or anyone without knowledge of biochemistry and/or fitness). I'll try to explain what I know about energy storage and fat burning below: The body has evolved to store fat for use when food is not readily available, and fat stores are for sustained periods of hunger, and generally not for quick athletic activities (although being calorie deficient from exercise can create sustained fat burning, as can maintaining through diet). Your body would rather use sugar, fats, and to a certain extent, protein in food as quick sources of energy, as this allows immediate regulation of energy components on a cellular level (as opposed to delayed regulation from the cellular signalling involved in breaking down stored fat into fatty-acids/glycolipids/glycoproteins). In other words, If you have fat and sugar in your blood stream, you cells can easily uptake these for ATP production via , whereas is you are calorie deficient, your fat cells (adipocytes) need cellular signalling from other cells to realize there are no calories in the blood, and then must utilize neural pathways to communicate this to the brain, triggering cell responses that lead to fat release from the adipocytes (and also hunger). In summary, stored fat is a long term, delayed energy source, not an easily accessible "stored energy".
Especially in the context of crime...It's not easy to track currency. A lot of countries such as Luxembourg and Switzerland have very secretive (what they call "private") policies about their accounts. Countries such as the US and UK do not have the jurisdiction or the means to investigate currency within another nation's sovereignty. Many countries have co-operation agreements with each other, but Switzerland and Luxembourg are [in]famous for being "discreet". Many tax havens in more "exotic" parts of the world have similar privacy policies. A large part of offshore accountancy isn't actually criminal. Normally offshore accounts are used to avoid paying full taxes in one's own country, especially where taxes are fairly high like the UK. For criminals, it's the same though. You can wire money abroad with ease these days, and a lot of criminals will "launder" it first. That means putting it through ostensibly legitimate businesses (I knew a mob in London who laundered through a gay Sauna), and claiming it as revenue there. Once it is legitimised as revenue from a business, a "front", it can be sent abroad perfectly legally. From there, it is untraceable to the home government and you're clean. If anything's unclear, I'm happy to clarify.
I want to debunk a myth firstly. A conductor does not indicate what notes to play by conducting, this is impossible. The conductor has a score in front of him, which is a book containing a written down version of the music that every instrument in the orchestra is playing. Each member of the orchestra has their own small version of the book in front of them on a stand, but this book only contains the music that their instrument needs to play. So while the conductors score may contain the music for oboes, violins, violas and cellos (there's usually many more instruments than this), the oboe player's book will only contain the music for the oboe. The oboe player reads the music from this book as he/she is playing, just like if you were reading a novel out loud to someone. Sometimes you might tap your feet to music, this is what the conductor does to guide the orchestra, except the conductor uses their hand or their baton (conductor's stick) to "tap" out the time in the air. Each time the conductor's baton or hand stops and changes direction in mid-air, this indicates a beat, or one "tap". Sometimes the tempo (how fast or slow the music is going) can change, which means the conductor has to make sure the entire orchestra will be playing as fast or as slow as they should be at all times. This is certainly not the only thing a conductor does though, and depending on how good the orchestra is, the conductor might not need to tap time at all!
The current top comment is really biased, to the point that it doesn't seem to explain what the situation is. Here's how I would explain SOPA, trying to show both sides. A bit long, but entertaining throughout, I think. I. The Setup Most of the time when Productive Paula makes something to sell, she can only give it to one person. When she makes a cake, for example, she buys all the ingredients, combines them in her special way, and then sells it to the first person who comes along and offers her money. If somebody took a cake of hers without paying her for it, she would be very hurt and this obviously wouldn't be okay. Some products aren't like this, though. Productive Paula is an excellent storyteller, and she holds daily storytimes where people come from all over to hear her new tales. Since it takes lots of effort for her to come up with the stories, she still wants to be paid. So, she charges everybody who comes to listen, even though each listener after the first doesn't actually cost her anything. II. The Issue
Imagine you work in a post office and you have a wall covered in boxes (or pigeon holes) for the letters. Assume each box is given an address that is 32-bits in length; i.e. you have 4,294,967,296 boxes (232 boxes). Every time someone comes in for their post you get their box number and retrieve the mail from that box. But one box isn't enough for people; each box can only hold one piece of mail. So people are given 32 boxes right next to each other and, when that person comes in, they give you the number at the start of their range of boxes and you get the 32 boxes starting at that number (e.g. boxes 128-159). But say you work in a town with 5 billion people; you don't have enough mail boxes! So you move to a system that has 64-bit addresses on the boxes. Now you have approx 1.8×1019 boxes (264 ); more than enough for any usage you could want! In addition, people are now given 64 boxes in a row, so they can get even more mail at once! But working with these two addressing schemes needs different rules; if you have a 64-bit box scheme and only take 32 boxes at a time people will get confused! That's the difference between 32- and 64-bit Windows; they deal with how to work with these different systems of addressing and dividing up the individual memory cells (the boxes in the example). 64-bit, in addition to allowing you more memory to work with overall, also works in batches of 64 memory cells. This allows larger numbers to be stored, bigger data structures, etc, than in 32-bit.
This is a great ELI5. I saw the title and thought "Well that's easy. The water..." and then I had nothing. Great question!Have you ever been in a pond or stream and tried to grab a fish with your bare hands? It's not easy. You can't just reach directly for what you see. That's because the water is changing the path of your vision (refracting it). Let's also try to remember when you have a cup of water and you stick a straw in it. Remember looking at it from different angles and noticing how the straw looks like it is bent right when it hits the water? That's what water does to light; once light hits water, it gets bent. Now imagine those old 3-d glasses you used to have to wear to watch 3d movies. One side was red and one side was green. When you look through the red side, everything is either dark or bright red. red things looked bright red, and things that were kind of red looked like darker red. the opposites of red (like green) look almost black. This is how color works. Regular light is made up of every color. When regular light hits a red shirt, only the red light bounces off of it and then into your eye. let's combine these two examples. When light hits a red shirt, red light should bounce back. But what if it's wet? When things are wet, the light is bent (remember the straw in the cup). So instead of having the red light bounce directly back at your eye, the water bends that red light away and not towards your eye. And if you don't see light, you see darkness.
Today, I was writing an email, and I was trying to decide if I should use 'welcome' or 'welcomed. After a while, I started questioning whether welcome was even an English word..Are you aware that you are currently wearing underwear? Until I asked that, you probably forgot... or at least you weren't consciously thinking about it. Why weren't you consciously thinking about it? Well, there's a lot going on in the world and your brain tends to muffle things that aren't important. In general, things that don't change probably aren't important. So when you repeat a word over and over and over and over and over and over again, your brain gets desensitized to it. Your brain starts to muffle that word because it follows the pattern of something that isn't important. This is called semantic satiation.Another neat example of this is if you go into a room with a ticking clock, you'll stop hearing the tick after a while. On the other hand, if you're in a room with a ticking clock right now, you just became aware of it again.
When you drink alcohol, little bits of it can pass into your brain. These bits causes your brain to slow down. Because your brain is going slower, the feeling of "Drunk" is really just acting on some more primal instincts because your brain is not able to process all of the information input fast enough. For example, your body is designed to always be hungry, and sometimes if you're body has enough calories, it'll decide it's full by suppressing the hunger feeling. When you're drinking, your brain isn't able to constantly think "I'm not hungry" (it takes too much effort, and your brain isn't working at full speed, so it prioritizes) so you feel hungry. Another example is social interactions. When you're drunk, the brain isn't able to process "if I say to some random girl 'wow you're hot can I have your number', that you may come off as a creep". So you say it anyway. If you stop and think, even while you're drunk, you'll eventually realize it, but not fast enough in a party environment. EDIT: A third more practical example is balance. Because the bits of alcohol are in your brain and slowing your brain down, your balance is less coordinated because by the time you realize how you're balanced, you've already moved to a new position, and you're off-balance for where your brain 'thinks' you are.
If there's a precedent for a non-lawyer to defend, why does a lawyer need certification at all?Any person (with some exceptions, such as being insane) can represent himself in court. Attorneys need a license to represent others in court. Why? Because if it's someone else's life/money/etc. on the line, they need to prove that they are not only competent to argue for the client, but must also follow rules of conduct that ensure that they do everything in their power to only help, and not harm, the client.People defending themselves pro se (meaning without a lawyer) often don't understand the system or how to argue for themselves, either. They get sympathy from judges, generally, and a bit of a break, but it's still not advisable unless it's a traffic ticket or something. I talk to people who have tried research on Wikipedia and it still doesn't give you understanding enough to be as competent. Edit: as pointed out by /u/joeprunz420, the "bit of a break" I'm referring to does not mean the person will get easier treatment as to the outcome of the case. It just means the judge may help clarify or give leeway in procedural matters like deadlines, filing procedures, etc. E.g., if the other side files for summary judgment and the pro se party doesn't realize he risks losing by not responding to it in time, the judge might give an exception or instruction when it would certainly not be given to an attorney.
EDIT: Wow, thanks everyone for answering. I woke up today to the NBC news flash on my phone "No signs of human remains found at Jimmy Hoffa dig, WDIV Detroit reports." I was all, WTF, how is this still breaking news that they can't find or want to find this guy?Jimmy Hoffa was a union organizer for the Teamsters and became its president when the former leader was imprisoned. He also had pretty deep ties to the Mafia, so there was a lot of organized crime under his leadership, such as bribery of a grand juror and outright fraud by siphoning from the union pension for personal gain. The Kennedy administration investigated the Teamsters and Hoffa was found guilty of his crimes and sent to prison. He was supposed to be there for 13 years, but Nixon let him out after 4 (rumor has it that a deal was made between he and Nixon, since he was a supporter and very strongly Republican, but ymmv). After his release, Mafia bosses issued a meeting with Hoffa, then he vanished. My guess would be that he drew their ire by getting caught. That's basically the gist of the incident. He hasn't been found since. As for why they're still looking for him, I'm not exactly sure. It's an event that still manages to fascinate people to this day. After all, it is an unsolved mystery that would be a fairly interesting thing to finally uncover.for foreign redditors that don't know what the teamsters do: they are a trade union specifically for driving. It can be complex as mining haul truck, but more commonly for driving for construction/roadworks.
OK, both http://www.imgur.com and http://imgur.com are URLs, that stands for Uniform Resource Locator. There are lots of different kinds of URLs, but they all have a standard format. A URL is a way of identifying some resource on a network (usually the Internet), most commonly a webpage. The first part (before the ://) is called the protocol specifier. A protocol is a language that two computers can speak in order to communicate with each other - there are protocols for sending emails, protocols for downloading webpages, protocols for playing counterstrike and so forth. HTTP stands for HyperText Transfer Protocol, and is the protocol Tim Berners-Lee invented for sending webpages from a web server to a client, i.e. from the computers over at Imgur to your PC. So a URL like http://www.example.com means "get the webpage at www.example.com using the HTTP protocol." Now, the part after the ://, www.imgur.com is the domain. Domains on the internet are a way of identifying a computer, just like a phone number on the phone network identifies someone's phone. However, unlike phone numbers, domain names are hierarchical, meaning that they are split into different subdomains by dots (.)
The last few days I've been blown away by the amount of ridiculous speculation, number of "facts" without any sort of citation, and people actually admitting after typing an answer that "oh yeah I heard it on a TV show and might not have remembered correctly." Take a look through the top posts this week. It's everywhere. I'm writing this post after getting completely fed up reading the answers to the transgenders in Thailand question. We want easy to understand answers but it doesn't mean we can just go around making things up. They should still be supported by citations and facts. If you want to make stuff up theres a wonderful subreddit called ExplainLikeImCalvin that's specifically for that. edit: because I don't spell/grammar well at 5am.I think maybe a better way to say it would be: STOP POSTING WRONG ANSWERSI know nothing about psychology, but... I believe that the OP is trying to regain some feeling of control, likely stemming from some sort of traumatizing scenario that took place recently in his life. Saw something like this on Dr. Phil, fwiw.A buddy of mine would psychoanalyze people like this constantly after taking his first psych course. What a douche. Here's the twist, though: That "buddy" was actually me! God, I suck.
I do not get the ending at all.The island is a barrier holding back chaos and badness from the rest of the world. Think about it this way: the island is a bottle holding evil inside of it, and there is a cork preventing the evil from coming out. It's protected by Jacob. Jacob's brother, the "Man in Black", was killed by Jacob inside the "heart" of the island and as a result he was turned into the smoke monster (who can also appear as dead people). He wants nothing more than to leave the island, but for that to happen the island has to become "uncorked" and let the evil spill out. Because of magic, Jacob and the Smoke Monster cannot harm each other and the Smoke Monster cannot uncork the island himself. Therefore, the entire show is effectively a chess match between Jacob, who wants to pick a successor to protect the island (that's why he brought everybody there) and the Man in Black, who wants to kill Jacob and unleash evil on the world. In the last season the Man in Black successfully manipulates Ben into killing Jacob, but Jacob passes the protectorship onto Jack. Jack and the Man in Black both "uncork" the island, which makes the Man in Black mortal. Before he can leave the island the Man in Black gets killed and Jack sacrifices himself to re-cork the island.
Just wondering how it works and how it can be improved?tl;dr: Similar to antiviruses. Match memory with database, block anything found. In ELI5 terms: Imagine you're going to cheat on a test. Some guy gives you a cheat sheet, tells you these are the answers to the test. You put the cheat sheet in your pocket and use it to pass the test. Now, suddenly, everybody starts passing the tests. So teachers hunt down your friend and after investigating him, they notice that he's giving people cheat sheets. Now, in an attempt to stop this, teachers start patting down students taking tests looking for "cheat sheet". Soon as a matching cheat sheet is found, the student is banned from taking the test. So your friend ups his game and now starts sending text messages to students with the cheats. Teachers notice that something's weird when students start passing all tests. They investigate your friend, notice he's sending texts, and now teachers start searching students for "cheat sheet" and "mobile phone".
I understand that China backing them before was a big deal, but hasn't China given up on backing NK at this point? I guess I don't understand how we went from "Maybe we should go to Iraq" to "Let's definitely invade Iraq" because of the possibility of WMDs, when NK has continued to test WMDs without permission and is now threatening everybody they can.It is a lot easier to bully countries trying to get WMDs, than countries that actually have WMDs.It's actually a bad idea attacking a nation that is sufficiently armed. The last time two evenly met powers went to war we had World War 2. It's much easier to bully nations that can barely defend themselves. Attacking Iraq was an option because they couldn't do much back. On the other hand North Korea has nuclear weapons, an extremely wealthy benefactor and a very secretive government. Picking a fight with them is probably not a good idea, I mean it'll probably never come to North Korea making the first move so why antagonise them? I kind of want to attack Jamaica and take their coconut water, the news is getting boring without any ongoing conflicts and coconut water is full of electrolytes and great for hangovers as well as workouts.Depends on what your definition of WMD is I guess.
The age old stoner question. Shorthand answer, please!You don't First, you must realize that light is a wave. Your eye has 3 receptors that are each specialized in catching a certain wavelength. That information is then passed to the brain which decodes the message into to a color. Now, color blind people can take a color and then take two other lights and shine them on the wall and adjust the wavelength of the light coming out of them and match the first color. Non colorblind people need to use 3 flashlights in order to match the color. This is because the wavelength receptors don't always have the same level of sensitivity. Since we are all pretty much unique individuals, it would be safe to assume that not everyone's eyes pick things up in the exact same way. The color blindness is an extreme example of this. So no, everyone has color receptors that send signals to the brain to be decoded. There is a lot of variability in that between each person, so nobody sees the same color the same way.Do you see what I see is a very good video on this question. It turns out seeing colors is a lot more subjective than I ever imagined.
Pretty self explanatory. I realize that fuel prices go up and down each day but other than that is there any other factors that impact it?You make and sell widgets. They are really cheap for you to make so we won't consider your costs for this example. Fred is willing to pay $6 for a widget, and Wilma is willing to pay $10, and Shaggy is willing to pay $12. What should you set your price at? If you sell at $6, all three will buy from you and your gross income will be $18. If you sell at $10, Wilma and Shaggy will buy from you and your gross will be $20. If you sell at $12, only Shaggy will buy from you and your gross will be $12. Clearly you should set your price at $10, right? If this was the only way you could set prices, then the answer would be yes. But what if you came up with some clever way of charging different prices for each person. If you could charge everybody the most they would be willing to pay, then you could make $28 instead. This is called "capturing the consumer surplus". You see this in lots of places, with things like senior citizen or child discounts (groups that would often just rather pass up something than pay full price), or with region codes on DVDs. Any time you have a chance to divide up your market you have an opportunity to capture consumer surplus. Airlines have made this into an art, deciding how much somebody is probably willing to pay based on all sorts of signals like where they are going, whether it is round trip, how many stops there are, how far in advance they are looking for a ticket, when they are flying, etc, etc. It would not be surprising to learn that every person on a flight paid a different price.
There are some things that should be mentioned in order to get to the main cause of it. The first is that Hitler didn't use to give direct orders. He preferred to give vague suggestions, let his underlings struggle between themselves to fulfill (what they thought were) the Führer's desires, and in the end support those whose ideas he liked. So if Hitler wanted to, say, go out for his birthday, he wouldn't say "Hans, go and make reservations in the bar around the corner for the next weekend, and don't forget the strippers". He would gather his underlings, tell them that his desire was that his birthday would have alcohol and women, and then let them try different things to please him until someone did something he liked. This will be important later. Now, Jews and other minorities were harassed and prosecuted from the beginning of the Third Reich, but not on a systematized basis. Some laws against them were passed, some were mistreated, some were killed, but there was not a "kill them all" order from above. In fact, sometimes the prosecution had to be stopped due to internal protests, like when German women married to Jewish men protested against their incarceration. One of the key points in the history of the Holocaust was the Wannsee Conference in 1942. Up until this time the killing of Jews was organized at most on a regional basis, and every commander or military governor did it as they pleased. The Conference was a gathering of several high ranking German officers and politicians in order to find a "final solution to the Jewish problem". It was at this meeting that the Holocaust as we know it began to take place: the killing of Jews and minorities went from a region-to-region basis to something bigger: a systematic plan to "clean" occupied Europe.
Can someone just explain CISPA and its differences from SOPA in the first place?They're completely different. SOPA would have given courts the power to remove DNS listings (basically revoke domain names) of any website found to have any copyrighted content hosted on it or even links to copyrighted content. So if you wanted to bring down YouTube you could upload some copyrighted content and then file an suit in court. Currently under the DMCA, content aggregators have "safe harbor" status where they're only liable if they're found to be hosting illegal copyright content or intentionally linking to illegal copyright content and repeatedly ignore takedown requests. CISPA facilitates information sharing between private companies and the governments--ostensibly only "cybersecurity" related information would be shared. Users tend to dislike this as they see it as a breach of their privacy. They may trust Google with their information but not the government. Tech companies like it though because it's less regulation to worry about (lower costs) and lowers the risk of getting sued for information (also lowers costs).
Edit: Wow, I never expected it to be this popular. Thanks, everyone!I happened across this description from a guy whose college professor assigned them to interpret the lyrics: It seems our prof had, at one time, lived in the California area and was very good friends with a certain drummer named Don Henley. Don explained the story behind the song to him, and said he was amused at the wide varieties of interpretations the song had developed over time. According to the source, The "Hotel California" is actually, L.A. itself. The song and album take you on a trip though the music industry in L.A. in the late sixties early seventies, when agents and studios controlled artists like puppets. Back in the late sixties, 1969 to be exact, there was a major onslaught of artists being signed left, right and center, and artisit at the time were often known to basically "sell their soul" to a record company executive in order to get a recording contract. Many times these artists were given little if anything for their music, and thus ended up basically a victom to their love of music. Just imagine the scene at the time, it's late 60's, you are on your way to L.A. to strike it big with dreams of glamour and fame...and you basically are prepared to sell your soul of you have to to attain it. I must admit, when I first heard this explaination, I was a little skeptical...but trust me....listen to the WHOLE album again, start to finish and keep this definition in mind when you do it. Every song ties together in one big story, finishing off with the Last Resort which gives you a clear summery of the whole album and idea. I don't deny that drugs and addiction have a lot to do with the lifestyle and results of the quest for fame. All I ask is to keep an open mind and think of "The Hotel California" as L.A., and you may be surprised.
if anyone says "because you have a PC" I will downvote you to hellIf you are the kind of personal that updates their software a lot, this could be why. To ease it up, we'll just use fake numbers to round it off. Your 5 year old computer is 1000 computermarks fast. When you first bought it, Windows took 500 computermarks to run, plus your other software was another 100. That leaves you 400 computer marks left and feels very free and fast. So that's 1000 - 500 - 100 = 400 left. Now let's imagine it's five years later. At this point you're no longer running just Windows. You're running Windows and the Super Service Pack. Super Service Pack fixes a lot of issues, may make things more stable as well as more secure, but now Windows is using 650 computermarks instead of 500. In addition, your internet browser which used to be 100 computer marks, has also been updated quite a bit. It now uses 150 computer marks. So that's 1000 - 650 - 150 = 200 left. This is a very simplified version but between having slower CPU, and not a lot of memory these issues can multiply a lot.
When most people hear the term 'mastering', they are think of the mixing process, aka balancing volumes and adding effects, etc. Mastering is actually a specialized subset of mixing that is a form of audio quality control or quality assurance. Only a relative handful of people and studios are capable of mastering, compared to the thousands of mix studios out there. The goal of mastering is to get every track sounding as good as possible across multiple systems, meaning that the end product should sound great through your car, stereo, headphones and laptop speakers. Along with this, many artists' songs are recorded and mixed in multiple locations, and it's the mastering engineer's job to get them to sound like they all are polished to the same standard. Lastly, mastering produces the final CD or vinyl format for distribution and archives the tracks (often separated into clean lyrics versions, a capellas and instrumentals) for the publishing company.And re-mastered?Any idea how one would acquire the skills to be capable of mastering?
[deleted]The base was established during the Spanish American War in 1898 as a refueling station for coal fired American ships. When Cuba became an American Protectorate after the war, the base was solidified and expanded to better facilitate that role. In 1903, the Cubans formed their own republic, ending the American protectorate. The Cuban Republic offered the US a lease on the land so they could continue to refuel their ships there, which in 1934 became an indefinite lease until either country invalidated the agreement or the US left. After the communist revolution, the Castro government cashed one check from the US, which they claim was an oversight but the US claims was agreement to the terms of the lease. Since the US views Guantanamo as a strategic location in a hostile country, they have no intention of leaving. The Cubans do not have the military power to remove the US, and so we have the stand off in place for the last 60 years.I think this is a nice summary of the reasons.How do Americans get too and from the base though? Are they able to move military ships and planes through Cuban air space and Cuban waters freely?
Example would be Chinese (black and flat) versus British Isles (blonde, red, black, auburn, curly/straight, etc.).As per color: It's because black hair is the default color for hair and Africans never had environmental pressures to lose the pigment like Caucasians did. To survive in dark, cloudy Europe, Caucasians needed to lose pigment so that they could absorb more of the sun's loving rays--presumably this occurred over thousands of years of mutations, survival of those with the trait, natural selection, and sexual selection. This loss of pigment occurred in both the hair and the skin because the amount of pigment in both is somewhat related. Additionally, different types of pigment changes occurred in hair, but it did not particularly matter what color the hair turned to. As long as the skin lightened, the color of the hair did not matter. Thus, you could have had a genetic line with pale skin and black hair (with the mutation only being on the skin pigmentation gene, but not the hair pigmentation gene. But, this line would still survive thanks to the light skin). Likewise, you could have had a genetic line with pale skin and brown or red hair (with a mutation on the skin pigmentation genes AND on the hair pigmentation genes. This line would also survive because it had light skin. The mutation providing for red or brown hair was not necessary but not harmful, either). Now, you are probably saying--"Well Asians lived at high latitudes, too!" True, but the two groups ate different types of food. The food being consumed by persons in northerly Asia eliminated their need for as much sun exposure. So, the basic answers are (1) climate and (2) diet.
I read the reviews for red wines and they say things like "A bold flavor that aggressively embraces your taste buds, ringing with notes of vanilla and earthy tones accented by honey and lavender." All I taste is wine. Some wines I like, some I don't, but I never taste those things. Even if I read a description like that and drink the wine looking for those flavors, I still can't. Also, I haven't figure out what qualities make a wine "bold." EDIT: Thanks for all the tips. I usually enjoy French Reds, particuarlly Cotes de Rhones. I've tasted a ton of wines, I just never get what the description is saying.Being a wine geek, I understand your frustration completely. Lemme see what I can do to help. First of all, the flavours aren't necessarily exactly like earth, leather, candy, or hibiscus blossoms - they're just more reminiscent of those things than anything else. The key is that it's a language of comparisons, and you have to learn the language. Thankfully, there's an easy way: Drink more wine! :-) Specifically though: Learn how to properly evaluate wine (appearance, nose, taste, mouthfeel, finish). Then get two wines of the same type, and compare them side by side, in identical glasses. Try a California cabernet sauvignon vs. a French one of about the same price. Try an Australian chardonnay vs. a nice Chablis. Canada does good rieslings - try one against a German riesling. Narrow it down a bit - try a Mosel riesling vs. a Rhine. Try a Washington Pinot Noir vs. Oregon or Burgundy. I would say you don't have to worry much about the language - you will notice differences and can develop your own terms if you want, but if you do much reading, you will start to find those weird and esoteric phrases making sense. For example, new world wines usually have a sense of sweetness, regardless of how much actual sugar there is in them. Is it sweet like candy, sweet like flowers, or sweet like fresh fruit? By contrast, stick your nose in a big ol' Burgundy, and you will probably get hit in the face by the classic "barnyard" aroma. It's pretty unmistakable, and yeah, there comes a point when you might even enjoy it. :-)
I've noticed that sometimes medicine comes in pills that are ridiculously large. Is there a reason for this? It seems counter-intuitive to me, because the bigger pills are harder to swallow. Wouldn't it make more sense to present the medication in smaller pills and have you take two of them or something?This has to do with a few factors actually (and correct me if I'm wrong, pharmacy students), one of which is absorption rate. There may be 1 part active ingredient, 4 parts inactive ingredients which allows the active ingredient to be absorbed over a longer period of time as opposed to all at once. The term to look up here is Pharmacokinetics. Another factor could be that whatever magic mixture of active and inactive ingredients is best for the sickness or disease is already patented by another pharmaceutical company. This means other companies must work around the optimal (best) patent to achieve similar results, which may end with a bigger pill.This is correct. Some pills need to be absorbed while in the stomach, others in the intestines. The ones that need to make it to the intestines need to be bigger to withstand the stomach's acids. Source: I take pills that need to be absorbed in my intestines and asked the doc why they are so big/why can't I cut them in 2.
i thought the only thing affected by lack of power would be the volume, because the current can't move the speaker's membrane as much as it normally would. i never disassembled a toy, but i don't think there's something rewinded inside, like a walkman.In simple terms, most circuits that make sound or play back digitally recorded sounds use a timing circuit (like an oscillator) to send out the sound waves at a constant rate. More expensive toys will use crystal-based oscillators and low-battery cutoff circuits to keep things from getting funky as the power level drops. Cheaper toys use a few cheap components (like an RC circuit) to perform the timing. These cheap circuits will keep running as battery level drops - even to the point where the clock slows down and the digital samples start playing back even slower. Some musicians actually do this to cheap keyboards and kids toys on purpose to make funky sounds. It's called circuit bending and it's a lot of fun.Could you dumb that down a little bit? Edit: What is a timing circuit? An oscillator? What is a crystal oscillator? What is an RC circuit?
I understand that it's some sort of retirement savings account, but beyond that i don't really know much. Employer matching, how people can "lose" theirs and all that.401k refers to the legal code that allows this type of savings account to exist. It allows you to set aside a certain amount of your income, each pay period, to go into a retirement savings account, tax free deferred (you pay the tax at retirement when you withdraw - the presumption is that you won't have a job at retirement, so you'll have a lower tax bracket). Your employer, if they don't suck, may match part of your contribution - these matched contributions vary from as low as like 3% of 25% of your contribution to 10% of your entire contribution. An individual investor doesn't have much power, but with a 401k, everyone in the company usually gets lumped into a big savings plan together, giving them more power. However, that savings plan is an investment plan. It invests in bonds, stocks, etc. If the stock market takes a bath, your 401k can lose a lot of money, include the contributions of you and your employer. If you take money out of a 401k early, you owe extra taxes on it (since it was tax free). But if you can let it sit until you're like 65, then you get the money without a penalty.
Are they different or are they the same? Can you point out the important parts in these ideas?They are different, but related. Karl Marx (the father of communism) said that socialism is a "pit stop" on the way to communism. Socialism is where the state (and so the people) own the means of production. Essentially, instead of a private company owning a factory, it might be nationalised so the nation owns it. This is meant to stop exploitation of the workers. Communism, however, goes much further. It's important to note that there has never been a single communist state in the history of the world. Certain states have claimed to be communist, but none ever achieved it as Marx and Engels envisioned. What they wanted was a classless society (no working classes, middle classes, and upper classes) where private property doesn't exist and everything is owned communally (hence, 'communism'. They wanted to create a community). People share everything. Because of this, there is no need for currency. People just make everything they need and share it amongst themselves. They don't make things for profit, they make it because they want to make it. Communism has a bit of a mantra: "from each according to their ability to each according to their need". It essentially means, "do what work you can and you'll get what you need to live".
[deleted]The issue wasn't JUST that it was bundled with the OS. There are are a couple other factors: When this ruling was made, Microsoft was far more dominant in the PC market than it is now and was effectively a monopoly. Through that monopoly, Microsoft began to push out its competitors in other markets (Internet browsers, word processing software, etc) by forcing OEMs to bundle microsoft products with their computers rather than one of their competitors. Although the case centered around Internet Explorer, it was more about that monopoly in general. The final settlement involved forcing Microsoft to play fair with other software developers by letting others have access to their API information. Anywho, back to the original question: The reason the Safari/iTunes + IOS and MSE + Win8 aren't similarly restricted has to do with that ruling. The final settlement did NOT restrict Microsoft (or anyone else) from bundling software with their OS. What it prevented was having OS companies from making their OS incompatible (or less compatible) with their competitors non-OS products.
My computer is getting slower and slower with age and I don't really know why. I don't have any viruses, I have tons of free harddrive space, and plenty of RAM. Can anyone explain? EDIT: Thanks everyone for the sound advice. Lots of research to do. Finding some answers should be much easier now. :)There's some good answers in here, but there's also a lot of bad answers. And what I say bad, I mean they could be right (for example, your 'HD needs an upgrade'), but very likely are not the real issue. So lets take some metrics, shall we? Note: This may be slightly above 5 year old level, lets say.. 10-12? First, lets check the process numbers, if you're on windows vista/7, press control-shift-escape to bring up the task manager. If you're on XP, it should control-alt-delete. Now select the Processes tab. This is a list of all active 'processes' currently running on your PC. There's some differentiation between 'processes' and 'services', so I'll just leave them in quotes for now, don't worry too much about it. At the bottom of the window you should see at total count, i.e. "Processes: 53". Most common 'computer people' will have a number between 40 and 60 when their computer is idle, depending on OS and how spartan their configuration is. In comparison, many non-techy users may have numbers up as high as 90+. Note to 'adults': I'm going to use 'speed' as a general term to apply to the computer's ability to process/function/etc. in the following. I am very aware it's not accurate parlance, but it fits in with the end user's view of computer power.
Everyday I hear of a new scandal with the TSA it gets worse. Plain child-molesting, harassment, intimidation, unsafe, etc. Why aren't they replaced with a new, reformed agency?Reddit is an insular and narrow community. Don't take the things you see here to be indicative of the population at large. Even though the vast majority of us think the TSA is a terrible program (along with the war on drugs, the RIAA/MPAA and copyright laws, ACTA, etc) does not mean those things are widely opposed.Imagine you had a job as a candy inspector, and you got paid based on how many bad candies you find. Nobody bothers to check if the candies actually are bad, however; they just take your word that the candies that you say are bad are bad. Now, because you keep rejecting a huge portion of the candies that come through, you're pissing off the candy makers and the people who like to eat candy. However, you don't have to care; Mr. Sam, the owner of the candy factory, is the one who gave you the job, and he only cares that you look like you're doing a good job. It doesn't matter who you bother, as long as you keep finding "bad" candy. So you keep kissing up to Mr. Sam, talking about all the "bad" candies you kept from going out. He trusts you, so he just believes that the people who are saying mean things about you don't care about the safety of the candy.
My observations include Mac OSX's tendency to be shiny up until Mountain Lion, where a more solid look has become prominent. This same visual effect is present in the iPhone OS 6 beta, where almost all "shiny" things are now solid looking. On top of that, facebook apps and google's interface seem to also be heading this direction.My (own little) theory is that difficult things look good. Someone spends a long time and great effort to make a cool effect, people who see it are impressed because they don't really know how it was made (or it looks more difficult than it actually is), but over time more people learn to do the difficult thing, and so it becomes easy, it starts to look cheap, and then it's not modern or pretty any more. I'll talk about webdesign from now on, but this probably applies to many other areas. Take the shiny reflective Apple surfaces which appeared ~10 years ago, which got very popular with Web 2.0. It looks really impressive, as if it was made with a 3D render by Pixar or something. But then someone realizes that it's just a mirrored image with a gradient on top, and then simple tools pop up for noobs to make their own logos, and so the magic is lost. After the shinyness of Web 2.0 we had the grunge period where websites were full of tiny dirty details. It looks like the artist/designer has spent ages placing every tiny little detail (and they probably did in the beginning). But then lots of tutorials and Photoshop filters started popping up, and now everyone could do it. And suddenly it's not very modern any more.
The barebones explanation is that the brain is not fully developed at birth. It continues to develop as a child ages, and the parts of the brain involved in memory storage and recall aren't fully developed until partway through early childhood. Moreover, the brain is still laying down its roadwork (called myelination, if you want to look into it more) for several years after birth (seeeeveral years, but heavily early on), and as such the connections the brain makes are constantly weakening, being reformed, being moved, and so forth. To put it in a simple metaphor: A given memory is a book. You store it on a shelf with other books of various types, but someone is constantly coming along and moving them around, and the bookshelf was only half built to begin with, so books frequently fall off. The bookshelf is eventually fully constructed and the books get moved around a lot less, but good luck finding that book after all that ruckus. Hope that helps!I would also add that if you recall a memory early and often it is refreshed and you will remember it better than a memory which is not called up all the time. Your first visit with santa or a special day will be recalled many times over the years and "rewritten" (sometimes with mistakes).
Napster was one centrally located server whereas utorrent is just an application that you use to connect to any of the millions of torrent tracker servers out there. It's as if there are millions of Napsters out there now instead of just the one. And those DO get shut down, it's just that there's so many of them and when one gets shut down, another 5 pop up to replace it. On top of that, the uTorrent application is perfectly legal, it's what can be downloaded using it that is illegal. TL;DR - Decentralization.Blaming uTorrent would be like blaming the car manufacturer for a bank robbery. It's a tool that has a million other uses, some of which are illegal.This is very much correct. Napster kept track of all the files, and shutting down their servers shut down the entire network. uTorrent etc. do not provide any files for download, so they cannot possibly be infringing on copyright. Much like the rather detestable stuff that goes on on FreeNet - it isn't FreeNets fault and they have no control over it (since that's kind of the point), they just provide the system people use.
When one takes adderall, they are able to focus quite intently on what they are doing - sometimes for hours on end. How does a substance allow one to do that, especially if they have such easily-distracted tendencies?Adderall and similar drugs belong to a class of drugs known as amphetamines. You may have heard this name as part of the slightly less beneficial methamphetamine. Yes, crystal meth is chemically very similar to Adderall. The more you know. Amphetamine is a stimulant. Stimulants range from caffeine to nicotine to methamphetamine, and they all work in slightly different ways. Your neurons talk to one another with chemicals, called neurotransmitters. To put it very, very, simply, your neurons need these chemicals so that they can talk to one another. When they are finished talking, they need a bit of a break to recover so they can fire again. This break usually runs about one millisecond, during which these neurons recoup some ions so they can accept transmissions again. What amphetamines do is trigger these cells to release some stored neurotransmitters (the talking chemicals) into the space surrounding them. The upshot of all this is that there's more neurotransmitters available to all the nearby cells, so if they want to talk a bit more frequently, they can run a bit faster (since they don't have to wait to re-synthesize the neurotransmitter themselves). So now we know how an amphetamine works. Why, then, does Adderall help focus more so than caffeine, which is also a stimulant? Drugs like caffeine are stimulants. This means that globally, throughout the brain, caffeine encourages increased neurotransmission. (Caffeine works through a different pathway than amphetamine, but it's roughly the same effect). The answer is that while caffeine is a global stimulant, Adderall as a stimulant seems to only stimulate the parts of the brain that do thinking. Scientists don't know why yet, but they know it does. And isn't that good enough for a drug?
Ive heard how Kim Jong Il is a 'Stalinist' but how does his philosophy differ from lenins or marxs?This is a little above ELI5, and without delving into what any of these Marxist theories are, I'll try to contrast each. Marxism is an internationalist philosophy that seeks to create a globally classes society. Lenin and Trotsky both shared this internationalist view and established the U.S.S.R in order to further the eventual goal of a global socialist state. Leninism specifically differs from pure Marxism in that a vanguard of core leaders are expected to educate and push workers to sieze the means of production and establish a communist state. Trotskyism is Leninism and should be contrasted with Stalinism particularly. Stalin furthered the idea of "Socialism in One Country", that is, he didn't care at all about the international socialist movement except in the cases that it would advance the interests of the U.S.S.R. Recall the puppet regimes in Eastern Europe after World War 2: these were not propped up purely in order to promote communism/socialism; rather they existed as a buffer zone separating the U.S.S.R from Western Europe. Stalin, though he attempted to, was unable to closesly associate his political theories with Russian national idenitity. Maoism is Stalinism, with the added theory that socialism should arise from the peasant class, rather than industrial workers which was a practically non-existant class in feudal China. So, Maoist theory denies the importance of an international movement and promotes the aforementioned "Socialism in One Country".
Haute Couture is like concept cars at a car show. They make clothes that can be very crazy, to showcase some new shape or design. Then, the fashion house will release a line of clothing that uses the colour, shape, or some other element of the concept, toned way down for the general public to buy. No one (except maybe Lady Gaga) wears haute couture on the streetsHow do you pronounce haute couture?is like concept cars at a car show like this. Some features/styles trickle down into mainstream society. Otherwise its just like exposing the "brand" or designer.I don't think that word means what you think it means. Haute Coture is it's own business, & it's often the weirdest & the wildest on the runway, but not all weird runway fashion is haute coture. Coture houses have to be certified by the Paris chamber of commerce to call their products haute coture, & there are only about a dozen designers who can currently do so. The dresses are one of a kind & have an extensive amount of hand-details on them. is coture, is runway fashion.
Somehow I think a lot of these answers wouldn't satisfy a four year old, or even answer the question of "how." Here's my attempt at an actual answer a kid would understand. First, you have to meet a couple requirements. You have to be born a citizen of the USA (so people who become citizens later in life can't be president) and you have to be 35 years old or older, to name a couple. There are also papers to fill out and similar technical stuff. As for the "how," there's no real rule but there are some things that pretty much everybody does. One is to hold a lower political office earlier in your career. Presidents are usually Senators, Representatives, or Governors before they try to run for President. That's because it shows they understand how politics works. Another is to have a strong education and usually a post-graduate degree. Many Presidents have law degrees, for example. Having a good reputation in your career before going into politics is important because it shows that you are a hard worker and because it can make important friends. Presidential candidates also must be good at making friends. Campaigns cost a lot of money, and if you want people to give it to you, they have to like you. This is true especially because it's not allowed to promise that you'll use your power as President to "pay back" the donations (even though this happens sometimes, it's not supposed to).
A bit of etymology might be helpful here. Via Etymology Online. Here's a timeline so you can see exactly how the word changes over time: Back in the days of ancient Rome, the word 'columna' was used to refer to a pillar. Many years later, Rome fell, but the Latin language gave rise to many of what we call the Romance languages. As part of this, 'columna' morphs into one part of the term 'compagna colonella' (Italian) to refer to a column of soldiers. The leader of that column is called the 'colonnella'. When the French adopt the word, it becomes 'coronel', and later 'coronell'. When translated into English, the Italian form of the word is preserved (hence colonel), but the French pronunciation is used. And that's why we write colonel, but say coronel. There was even a time when both forms of the word were being used simultaneously, during the 16 and 1700s, but ultimately the 'l' form of the word won out. Simpler version: Words change over time. The word colonel is hundreds and hundreds of years old, and has changed a lot. Once upon a time, it was actually pronounced with an 'l', but as time went on, the word changed even more, kind of like a game of telephone. You know; one person mishears something, another might change it just because they can, even though they heard perfectly well the first time, and by the time it gets to the end of the line, the word you started with, and the word you wind up with are completely different and might not even make sense.
A digital picture is just a bunch of dots of light called pixels. When an image is in focus, the edges between objects in the picture are very sharp; for example, a red balloon in the sky. One pixel will be red, and then the next will be blue along a line or a curve. If it is out of focus it will blur, that same edge will have red pixels and then red with a little blue, and then a little more blue, and so on until you start getting blue with a little red and then finally blue. During autofucus, the camera does this for the entire image, and makes a tiny adjustment in the lense. If the focus gets better, it repeats this in the same direction until it stops getting better. Then it goes back and forth using smaller steps until it finds the best focus.I kind of understood this from the other posts but noone had put it down this clear. An upvote for you good sir!During autofucus, the camera does this for the entire image This is wrong or you've simply made it unclear. It doesn't do it for the entire image, that would be impossible; it does it for the selected point of focus.
Please correct me if I'm wrong, but it seems that relations between the U.S. and Japan are strong. I don't hear about Japanese harboring ill will against us. I assume economics (e.g. trade, globalization, etc.) has a lot to do with it. Edit: Any Japanese redditors out there who feel upset or otherwise, please chime in!This comment has been overwritten by an open source script to protect this user's privacy. It was created to help protect users from doxing, stalking, and harassment. If you would also like to protect yourself, add the Chrome extension TamperMonkey, or the Firefox extension GreaseMonkey and add this open source script. Then simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, scroll down as far as possibe (hint:use RES), and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top. Also, please consider using Voat.co as an alternative to Reddit as Voat does not censor political content.Incredible. Your writing inspires my interest in world history. Thank you. A few clarifications if you don't mind: The United States bombed Hiroshima and Nagasaki, preventing an invasion by the USSR. Did the USSR plan to invade either of these two cities, or Japan in general? Or...?
As a non-american, and white I've never understood this term. It seems that it is describing nationality, but most African-Americans today are many generations just Americans. Then it would seem that the term refers to ethnicity, but surely that's just "black". From where Im standing the term seems racist (A way to call people only half American) but it is often considered the accepted term. Please un-confuse my confusion. Why do people prefer to be called African-Americans? EDIT: I have a second question. Is African-American an ethnicity term? If a black person from another country was visiting America would they be referred to as African-American by the people there?I have a second question. Is African-American an ethnicity term? If a black person from another country was visiting America would they be referred to as African-American by the people there? There is a story (possibly apocryphal) about a 1980's British athlete, Kriss Akabusi being interviewed after a race by an American interviewer who asked him: “So, Kriss, what does this mean to you as an African-American?” “I’m not American, I’m British” “Yes, but as a British African-American …” “I’m not African. I’m not American. I’m British.”a British African-American wtf
The black circle in the center of your eye (the pupil) lets in a lot of light. It gets bigger and smaller to let in more or less light. When your pupil is big, light from a single point in the real world is entering the eye at slightly different angles. The eye focuses the light from these slightly different angles back into a single point to make a sharp, clear image. But if you're nearsighted and aren't wearing glasses, light from far away won't be in focus. Instead of the light focusing to a point, it hits your retina (the part of the eye that senses the light) in a circle shape. Because of this, you see a blurry image. When you squint, you're blocking part of your pupil with your eyelids and eyelashes. Everything looks darker, but the light isn't spread out as much on your retina. If you take a camera and set the aperture (the camera's pupil) to be big, you'll notice that only a small part of the image is in focus, and everything else is blurry. Now if you close the aperture to make it smaller, a lot more of the image looks sharp. This is for the same reason. Unfortunately you can't control your eye's pupil size - which is why we have to squint to achieve this effect.
Double clutching is a downshifting technique that promotes smoother transitions and lower transmission wear. It is useful for road racing, prolonging transmission life, and giving you an overall smoother ride. In normal driving, with modern cars- you don't need to double clutch... ever. When you shift, these neat little devices called "synchronizers" or "synchromesh" (or whatever other name you want to give them) in your transmission help your shifting by matching the rotational speeds between meshing parts. Why do you need to match the speeds between transmission parts when you shift? Simple- they won't go together unless they're all traveling the exact same speed. Your synchros take care of this, so you don't have to worry about matching revs much in normal driving. So the question now is... why the heck do you need to double clutch? It's useful in racing, it's required for non-synchro transmissions, and it's just a damn cool racing skill to master. Think of your transmission as being separated into two functional halves. One half is connected to your engine, and the other half is connected to your drive axles/wheels. The split between the two halves is right at your gears. Let's say you're driving down the street in 5th gear. Assume that your gearing is 1:1 all the way though, just for simplicity's sake. Your engine is turning 3000rpm, and so are all the parts in your transmission. You want to downshift to get higher up in your powerband to pass someone, so you mash the clutch pedal, shift to 4th gear, then lift off the clutch pedal. If your 4th gear ratio is twice what your 5th is, your engine is now spinning at 6000rpm (along with the "engine half" of the transmission) while the "driveshaft half" of your transmission is still spinning at 3000rpm. Your car is still moving at the same speed, but you're higher up in your engine's powerband. Now you have more power to pass the person in front of you.
Somehow, everyone from 4chan seems to be regarded as knowing every nook and cranny of the internet, and it seems to be the birthplace of..... everything of the internet. So how did 4chan become of such righteous regard? Most times when I go there it's just pics of dicks and the word "niggerfaggot"Imagine I have a room, and in this room I take you and 4 of your class mates and lock you inside it. I tell you that you can do anything you want, but you must wear name tags, you must sign every drawing that you make, and you must put a picture of yourself next to it. You will find it hard to come up with something original and weird because if the others don't like it everyone will know you did it. And no one wants to look like a fool. So you take longer to come up with an idea, and sometimes all your ideas seem stupid so you keep doing what everyone else is doing. Now imagine I have a very large hall. There are no cameras, no name tags, and everyone wears a mask. I take you into this hall and there are 1 million children in it. You look exactly like everyone else. Then, like I did with the small room, I ask you to draw whatever you want, wherever you want, and no one else will know who it was. So you start drawing everything that comes to mind. Some of the children laugh at what you drew because it's stupid but you shrug and walk away because no one knows who you are here. Now some of the things the other children draw are very bad. So sometimes, even though you are told that no one is watching, when very bad things are drawn on the walls, adults come in and take away those children who are drawing the bad things. And only because they are caught with the marker in their hands. If you don't draw bad things you will be fine.
The businesses are state-owned, right? But it's also a very large capitalist nation, right? What about unions? And why do they call themselves communists? Answers preferred in haiku form, thanks. (kidding)First, the pedantic: There are actually two countries named "China." One is the People's Republic of China, sometimes called "mainland China" but more often the PRC. The other is the Republic of China, sometimes called the ROC but more often Taiwan, after the island which is its territory. But I'm guessing you meant the PRC here, so that's what we're gonna talk about. The PRC is what we call a "one-party state", which means all aspects of the government are controlled by a single *non-*governmental entity called the Communist Party of China. So the distinction between the government of China and the CPC is a nuanced one at best, and most often people don't even bother distinguishing between them. Between the PRC's founding in 1949 until the late 1970s, the country ran of a single, monolithic, centrally planned economy. There were no privately owned businesses of any kind. It was pretty horrifying, really. The extent of the centralization was such that even the family was discouraged, and things like communal dormitories, dining facilities and nurseries were mandated. Within ten years, the country was a disaster area of unimaginable proportions. The country's GDP dropped by a third, and actual famine began to set in, because not enough food was being produced in the agricultural areas.
Somewhere I read/heard that it's because your brain releases the same chemical when dying as it does while falling asleep, and because your brain doesn't know the difference, it sends the jolt. I could be very wrong and most likely am. EDIT: Holy crap front page!!!! Thanks everyone for the upvotes and discussion. HEY BARKEEP! A ROUND OF UPVOTES FOR ALL MY FRIENDS!!!!I'm not 100% sure of this, I read it a few years ago and don't remember the source. You are meant to fall asleep gradually, however when super tired you can fall asleep too quickly, your muscles relax and your brain thinks you are falling. The jolt is an automatic, brace for impact, sub reflex.This makes absolute sense, this is literally exactly what it feels like in my head!The jolt is an automatic, brace for impact, sub reflex. In addition, one theory states that the jolt harks back to the days when we lived in trees, and it's our reflex trying to grab branches or wedge ourselves as we slip off a branch.I saw this in a documentary once, except they called it the "kick".
So me and some buddies were throwing a few back the other night and this topic came up. I've never been much of a baseball fan, and I absolutely cannot understand how shooting steroids has anything to do with Congress. Can someone clarify for me?I'm no expert, but, thankfully this is on a more fundamental level. The MLB is in a rare category where it is a government allowed monopoly. As such, the actions taken by members of this monopoly are subject to a certain amount of scrutiny. Cheating in a game is not really illegal, however, cheating in business is. And first and foremost, the MLB is a business.As a former employee of a major pro sports league (not the MLB) I can say this is 100% correct. I'll just add that the reason why the MLB being a monopoly makes Congress interested is because if steroids are prevalent in baseball, it might mean that the only way for many players to get ahead is to take steroids, and if a player doesn't want to, there is no alternative baseball league for him to go to that is comparable to the MLB. Since the MLB is the only game in town, the choice is basically to either take steroids or never have a viable career in baseball. So Congress steps in to assist a minority, which in this case is pro baseball players who don't want to be forced to take steroids.
And what, if anything, did the FCC have to do with this decision? EDIT: Just in case some people don't watch the show, I'm referring to the TV series South Park.FCC has nothing to do with cable. It's only the main networks: ABC, NBC, CBS and FOX. Most cable channels do not air vulgar things out of fear of advertisers, not any legal restriction. Comedy Central's advertisers go in knowing what to expect from the network and apparently don't care because CC uses swear words and vulgarity regularly.One more question-- has any other cable television program featured profanity that's usually censored? I know from watching Chappelle's Show that Comedy Central also allows the word "Nigga."Upvote for a good reply. One small clarification: The FCC is not over the "main networks" but over broadcast television in general as they are charged with regulating and allocating the airwaves. CC, being on cable and not broadcast, is not subject to the same government regulation. As DemonFrog pointed out, most cable companies choose to follow similar guidelines as broadcast television as to not offend advertisers. But clearly channels like HBO or Cinemax get pretty kinky and there are porn channels on cable () but those are generally only available via PPV or special subscription.
I am Canadian. I always wondered why tuition is so freaking expensive, forcing some people to take loans from the government, essentially making everyone a debt slave in the long run (sounds like a scam to me). Then I hear about military spending and the billions that get put into it and it just sounds absolutely absurd. Why doesn't the Government just fund public universities? I don't understand. If we want a better society, the first step is education, no? If everyone can read at a high level, write, pursue their dreams, and contribute to society to make our economy stronger in the long run, why doesn't this happen? Explain it to me like I'm 5, Reddit. ಠ_ಠNearly all universities in Canada are public. The majority of student education costs are paid by the provincial government. See page 2 here: The average full-time student in Ontario pays $6,000 in tuition fees, but the provincial government pays an additonal $7000.* While the government share has declined over the years, it's definitely non-trivial! So, in fact, we do spend billions on education. For 2011-2012, in Ontario, the budget allocates $5.7B to colleges, universities, and student support. *These numbers are a few years old, but my 30 seconds of googling didn't turn up anything more recent. ETA: Slide 28 here shows what the Ontario provincial subsidy was for a full-time student in various categories as of 07-08.In the UK it was subsidised by the government until last year. The student would pay £3300 and the government would cover the rest. This year the fees will go up to £9000 a year for every student. So the UK has entered the scenario where: If you're super rich then daddy can pay. If your super poor the government will pay. If you're somewhere between then daddy can't afford to pay and nor will the government. So you end up in over £35k ($45k) of debt for a three year course. I wouldn't have gone to uni if I had to pay 9k a year.
I can't be the only one who loves the smell of gasoline? I know it's dangerous but I love it :DGasoline uses benzene as an anti-knock agent. Benzene is sweet-smelling, and was in fact used in douches and aftershaves up into the '30s. It also causes cancer. So there's that. Fun fact: Another popular anti-knock agent was tetraethyl lead, from the '20s to the '70s (in the US, at least). It also smelled sweet. And it caused brain damage so profound that several workers in tetraethyl lead manufacturing plants were driven permanently insane. So yeah, don't sniff gas.Following up on this, the process of making gasoline and other products from oil is called "catalytic cracking" which is where the oil is broken down into various parts that can be used. One of the results of "cracking" the oil is a compound called "ester." Esters are naturally good tasting and smelling. There are ester compounds in the gasoline you pump. Edit: I may be wrong on this. I'm having trouble finding a source to back me up and I might be confusing this with something else from college chemistry. It's been a few years. Edit 2: see SpaceInvadingMonkeys comment for a better explanation of what I was trying to get across.
This isnt meant to be a political statement. It seems to me the popular vote is who the country wants, so why take the additional step?Reposted from the Official ELI% US Presidential Election Thread: (it's my explanation though) It's worked for over 200 years. The way people are elected has a pretty big impact on the political landscape of a country. Changing it introduces a lot of potential instability, so unless there's a really good reason to change it, it's generally a good idea not to. It's not like it's all that uncommon for head of state to not be directly elected. Most parliamentary democracies elect their heads of state with a vote from parliament, the electoral college is kind of like that, only electors don't have legislative agendas to push. It also helps to balance the interests of more urban states against those of rural states. Since every state is guaranteed at least one seat in the House and two in the Senate, that means that less populated states actually get more votes than they would otherwise. For example, the population of North Dakota is less than .3% of the US population, but they get just over .5% of the electoral votes. This may not seem like a lot, but it adds up. If you were to combine all the more rural states and have them vote together, you could pretty dramatically influence the outcome of an election. A lot of people think this isn't fair, why should rural populations get a larger say than urban populations? But consider this, more than half of the US population lives in major cities. If we were to go to a popular vote system where whoever got the most votes won the election outright, why would any presidential candidate care about what happens in rural states? You could win an election just by advocating policies that matter for people that live in cities.
I don't understand what is happening, can you explain all of this?I'll give this a go. So there are three parties you need to know about - the uploader, the host, and the owner. Before SOPA, when something was illegally uploaded (such as a copyrighted song to YouTube), it was the responsibility of the owner of the copyright to tell the hosts to take it down. The host can only be charged if they don't take down illegal content after having been asked. With SOPA, hosts WILL be liable for any illegal material, so it will be their responsibility to police all of their users/uploaders. Hosts include the likes of Google (and subsequently YouTube, Blogger, etc), Reddit, probably Wordpress, and basically any company that offers a service where information can be posted. That's a ridiculous amount of information to dig through for pirated material. Not only that, but the Federal Government will have the right and legal obligation to block access (through web providers) to sites that repeatedly host content in violation of the law. For example, you won't be able to access thepiratebay.org, nor will you be able to search it or find any of the content that is hosted there, even if it's not illegal. It's a blanket measure.
Inertia, mostly. From the moment we're born, we are moving along with the earth at a pretty constant speed. Think of it a bit like being in a car moving without speeding up or slowing down, we don't feel the fact that we're moving. The same is true with the earth. Because we're not changing speed relative to our place on the earth (we're moving at the same speed it is), we don't feel the spinning. But, if the world stopped for a moment, we'd feel the stopping. And if it started up again, we'd feel the starting of the spinning. There's a lot of complicated math behind why we aren't changing speed relative to our place on the earth, and stuff about inertial frame of reference, but that's not like you're five. Edit: Since people seem to want to create some weird competition between this answer and the other most-upvoted answer, I wanted to clear up something. Not only are both explanations compatible, both explanations say the same thing. My explanation focused on the mechanics of how our relative acceleration is stable (friction and air resistance, both of which are moving at the same speed as the surface is rotating). Brainflakes is explaining, essentially, why that is able to function.
EDIT: Thank you everyone. Your replies have been extremely helpful. My friend was actually the one who asked me this question this morning, over the phone. I'm going to tell him about this thread in the morning. Meanwhile, I think I'm going to take a break from reading and upvoting replies and get some sleep. Something about simple science that gives you a little peace of mind. Thanks you guys. :)Cells in your body duplicate to replace dead cells. They know when and how to do so based on information found on their DNA. When a cell replicates it makes a copy of the DNA for the other cell, but sometimes something goes wrong during this process and the other cell's DNA is messed up. Now most of the time this is fine but should there be an issue in the DNA about how and when it should replicate the result can be a cancer cell. Cancer cells split constantly, producing even more cancer cells that continue to split. The resulting group of cancer cells is called a tumor. If the tumor gets to big and damages a vital organ the result can be death. It is hard to cure because you have to find a way to kill every single cancer cell without doing to much harm to the rest of the body. Sorry to hear about your friends mom :(To add to this, cancer is not really just one disease. It is a broad term that applies to anything that results in uncontrolled cell growth. There are many different possible causes. Attempting to 'cure cancer' is somewhat akin to attempting to 'cure viruses.' We can develop treatments that target one type of cancer, but it is unlikely to find something that will cure all cancer.
I am reteaching myself math, but something is bugging me soooo bad and I can't find the answer. What is a real life example of multiplying a fraction by a fraction? I was wondering why .05 to the 5th exponent would get smaller not bigger. This is driving me bonkers.Carrying a long bar like this increases their rotational inertia. This means that tipping over would occur more slowly, allowing the acrobat more time to correct himself. It makes walking the tightrope easier. Rotational inertia is the resistance of an object to rotating. It's kind of like regular inertia, which is the resistance of an object to being accelerated. It is easy to push open a swinging screen door, because it has low rotational inertia. Imagine pushing open a bank vault door - it would be a lot harder to do that, because it has higher rotational inertia. Edit: here's a youtube demo http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7PRZ5IIT5TgHey cool! Thanks for a great answer!The youtube video makes clear something that your bank-vault-door vs. screen door analogy does not - which is that, in addition to more massive objects having higher rotational inertia, two objects of the same mass can have different rotational inertias. This is why tightrope walkers carry long poles, rather than bowling balls ...
From wikipedia: The word “Negro” is used in the English-speaking world to refer to a person of black ancestry or appearance, whether of African descent or not. I am from India, where 'Negro' is still a well accepted term for blacks, so I am curious what happened elsewhere?In American society, while the word negro wasn't used in as racially charged slurs as the other, it was the word the oppressor/the Man/the Other traditionally used to name blacks in America through slavery and segregation and beyond. (That's a whole other ELI5.) "Black" (not necessarily capitalized) doesn't have those same connotations and is also the term people choose to call themselves. Also, "negro" is almost a 'dated' word in America's use of the English lexicon; it has archaic tones in relation to current American society and terminology and has fallen out of general use and favor in our language.I think your second point is the biggest part of it.Pretty much this. Whatever words you use to oppress a people, they will hate. For many generations.The second point about the word being 'dated' is a big part of it. Guaranteed if I hear the word "negro" it's being said by a 65+ year old person in a patronizing way.
This isn't the first time this has happened. How have ELI5 links dominated the queue on my front page so dramatically? EDIT: I should clarify that my actual subreddit subscription total is 33, but there were exactly 10 ELI5 links listed on my front page within the top 50 posts 6 hours ago. EDIT2: I'm getting some great answers from you guys and think I have pieced together a viable solution to this phenomenon. (1) The algorithm: A high upvote/downvote ratio and initial momentum are important in calculating a spot in the queue. There aren't many downvotes here, and there appears to be pretty high momentum. But I had only noticed this yesterday, what has happened to cause such a recent dramatic change? (2) BestOf: Given the recent decision to disallow default subs on r/bestof suddenly ELI5 is the new r/AskReddit and suddenly there are now a lot of ELI5 posts that rise to the top of bestof which are then highly upvoted here, causing these posts to subsequently rise up my front page queue. I think this is the reason for the outlier results, and I thank pkmnnerdfighter for being the first to point this out to em. Also heyitstval gets props for being the first person I've ever seen to actually link the mythical algorithm for page ranking... I had forgotten it is all open source code. FINAL EDIT: This has just turned into ELI5ception, as this very post is now on my front page! Who wants to submit a comment from here to r/bestof so it completes the cycle? Anyhow, for anybody still reading this, head on over to r/UpliftingNews for a break from the depressing news. Its a sub I've been growing but there are few comments and everybody here seems like great contributors so I feel no shame plugging it for this brief moment in the limelight. Thanks again!As others have mentioned, it has to do with Reddit's ranking algorithm. For a five-year-old, it's a bit complicated to understand, but I'll try my best: Take two posts; Post1 and Post2. They were submitted at the same time, one has 100 upvotes and 0 downvotes. The other has 1000 upvotes and 900 downvotes. These two posts have a score of 100 (upvotes - downvotes). Since they were submitted at the same time, they will have the same rank score. Reddit aggregates your subreddit's posts scores and ranks them in this manner. So, these two posts (let's say one from r/funny and one from r/explainlikeimfive) will show right below each other. Now, let's say that there are three posts - two from r/explainlikeimfive and one from r/funny. The two ELI5 posts have a score of 100, and were submitted within two hours of each other. Their rank score will be only a few points apart, due to the logarithmic scale - this means that the first 10 upvotes a post gets count as much as the next 100, then the next 1000, and so on. Their rank score (the final number used to sort posts on the front page) will only be small points apart. A small subreddit (small upvote and downvote counts per post) will often have lots of posts on the front page due to this behavior - if there are wildly popular posts (and in this subreddit, there aren't often many downvotes on questions, relative to the upvotes), they will trump the bigger subreddit's posts, even though they have 5-digit vote counts.
What does it do? How is it different than SOPA? Why is this not a big deal? Where do I sign? Edit: And the winner is: http://i.imgur.com/rq9NE.png(Skip to the end for a really short summary) Much like many common-law (US, Canada, UK, etc) countries, international law is bicameral as well (one "house" and a "house" over that house... think state under federal). When a country signs and ratifies a treaty, that law (in theory anyways), according to most domestic laws, take precedence over the signator's national law. What that means is that the international law "trumps" countries' national laws. So essentially, a country is unable to breach, or break, that international law or agreement (in theory anyways... but of course it happens). Just keep that in mind, and I'll explain ACTA section by section: Article 1.1: basically this agreement does not remove obligations from previous treaties. (I feel that) this is important, as an argument could be made that the limitations on freedom of speech and "chilling effect" (fancy lawyer-speak for "makes people more cautious to exercise...) on freedom of speech violate some countries' obligations in other treaties, such as the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights. This could be a way of voiding a country's obligations under ACTA--that it violates its obligations in another treaty. Just a thought. The rest of Article 1(A) and (B) aren't anything out of the ordinary and aren't complete anyways.
Executive Producer is usually the person who is investing the money in a film. Because they have the money, ultimately they are the "big boss." However - they may may not have much involvement with the day-to-day decision making in a film. Producer is usually the person who CONTROLS the money, and is in charger of the business side of a film. They are the boss who is involved on a daily basis running the film. They make hiring decisions, firing decisions, and may also have a significant amount of creative control. The director is in charge of the creative side of a film. They have very limited control over any money - they ask for what they need and the producer and executive producer decide if the budget will allow that. The director tells both the people behind the camera (cinematographer, set designer, costume designer, musicians, etc) and those in front of the camera (actors) what to do on a minute-by-minute basis. Everything you see on the screen, the director made a decision to put it there (within the limitations of the budget). Generally, if a movie isn't any good, the blame falls squarely on the director - even though the director's decisions are guided - and often messed with - by the producer and executive producer, who remember: provide and control the money.
[deleted]No-one has a definite answer. We have a good understanding of what tears are made of and how they come out of the eyes, but not what the actual function is. Some say that it is to do with the release of certain chemicals which have been building up inside the body when we are stressed. Others think it evolved as a way of communicating to others that we need help or comfort. But neither of these explanations is completely satisfying so it is still being debated. Onion tears, on the other hand, are a completely different matter. They happen because when you cut into an onion it releases chemicals that were inside the onion into the air (a bit like suddenly being able to smell an orange when you start taking the peel off). These include acids which are irritating (and also explain why raw onion has such a sharp taste). When they get into our eyes, the eyes respond with tears to flush out these irritating chemicals.Just to add, the chemical is sulfur. Onions absorb sulfur as they grow.It always amazes me when there's something about our very own species that we don't yet understand.
Some time ago, Egypt held a revolution of sorts to kick out an effective dictatorship. The army helped the people do this, and set up a temporary government and helped set up elections. The people had to get angry at the army to convince the army to do this. Elections were held with a lot of candidates, and finally someone won, someone who only had the support of about 1/4 of the country, but who still had the highest number of votes. This person was backed by various hardline Islamic groups. As time went on it became apparent that the person that was the first democratically elected leader of Egypt was not living up to the people's expectations. However the new democracy had no legal mechanism for the people to remove from power a government that they no longer had confidence in. So the people arranged a large demonstration. The western media first portrayed this as being roughly evenly split between people who liked the current leaders and people who did not, but it quickly became apparent that the vast majority of people did not support the government, and large protests were held. The Egyptian army had a different leader than last time, and they told the government that the people had spoken and insisted that the leaders leave office. The leaders refused, so the army removed them and set up a caretaker government so the country can try again to vote a new government.
Is it a nervous tick or ADD or what? Some people tap their feet, some people tap fingers, but I don't think everyone does itTo add to this question, how is it that we could do it for a straight 30 minutes to an hour without feeling any sort of strain or fatigue?If you're doing it with your leg, you're just barely engaging the Achilles tendon- the entire purpose of which is to act as an energy-conserving spring. There's surprisingly little actual muscle involved with bouncing movements. When you long run distance, a huge amount of energy is conserved by the foot/ankle interface. Coincidentally, this is why if you go to a gym you can see tiny people just madly popping 200lbs up and down on a calf raise machine. It's not because they have exceptionally strong calves, it's because the faster you do the motion the more you engage the Achilles tendon rather than the muscle.Because Philip... Timmy stop squirming around!... Some kids are a "little more active" than other kids... Timmy! God dammit! If you squirm around one more time... Oh, now you're going to give me that, Timmy? You're getting a timeout.
I am reteaching myself math, but something is bugging me soooo bad and I can't find the answer. What is a real life example of multiplying a fraction by a fraction? I was wondering why .05 to the 5th exponent would get smaller not bigger. This is driving me bonkers.It depends on whether you want to simply live in that country or change your citizenship. If you want to go somewhere for a long period of time (usually longer than 90 days), you will need a visa; most countries have treaties that waive the requirement for a 90-day tourist visa, which is why you don't need one for a short vacation. Visas are issued by the consulates of the country you're going to, and there are different types with different requirements (depends on the country). Examples are student visa, spouse visa (i.e. you're married to a citizen of that country), and work visa. You will probably have to present proof that you can support yourself financially, and possibly proof that you have somewhere to live. The consulate may actually check your references (landlord, employer, family member who lives in that country). The visa application process will probably take at least a month, if not more. Countries may also not allow you to apply for a visa while on a tourist visa, so you can't take a vacation and then just say "I think I'll move here!" Most visas are issued for fixed timespans; you will have to renew your visa when it expires. If you lose certain qualifications that you needed for the visa, you may be given a short time period to regain that qualification before being deported; if you're on a student visa and you drop out of school, they might give you 90 days to either enroll in a new school or go home. Again, this all depends on the country.
There is "CleanmyPC", as well as MyCleanPC, and many others.Because technically they aren't dangerous. If you pay the fee, they do what they advertise to do. The catch is how they hook you into paying, by claiming that you have issues, and they spam the hell out of you if you don't pay. They are annoying nagware, but they don't cause damage to your machine beyond the annoyance (usually) so technically they aren't lying. The lie is when they tell you that you have 200 errors, you pay the $20, and it "fixes" them. Technically though, as long as it does what it says (which is fix the "errors") they aren't technically lying. They however do not destroy data, so technically they are not viruses. They are nagware of the highest order, they slow down the computer, but they don't allow remote access or destroy/allow access to your data remotely. At least the ones advertised on TV. There are other that ARE viruses though that are similar, but are not the ones you see advertised. They are often a digit off on the website, etc etc. The ones on TV though don't cause any damage, so they are nagware. Technically since they slow the computer down, its "damaging" but not in the sense that you lose precious files or expose your personal data to the internet with them. At least the ones advertised.
For those who can not watch the video. In case your boss/wife gets suspicious that your disgusting porn habits have now extended to leprechauns and pots of gold... Naturally occurring rainbows are always circular, but you won't see that unless you have a high enough vantage point. http://www.thenakedscientists.com/HTML/content/latest-questions/question/2388/ //The rainbow is actually always the same shape. It’s always a circle. The way a rainbow is formed is that when the light goes into a raindrop, it kind of reflects around the back and as it goes in and goes out, it refracts. It bends because light goes slower in water than it does in air. Different colours refract slightly different amounts, so the light comes out of the raindrop in different directions depending on its colour. A raindrop is circularly symmetric so the refraction means that you get a cone of different colours of light coming out of the drop. So, if you look at the raindrop from certain different directions, it looks different colours. If you have a whole sky full of raindrops at different angles you see different colours depending on the direction you are looking in. You get a circular rainbow exactly opposite the sun. If the sun is high in the sky, you just see the top of the circle and the rainbow looks flat. If the sun is low, you can see a full semicircle, and if you are in a plane you can see a full circular rainbow.//
Total beginner here. How is a language that allows humans to communicate with the machines they created built into a computer? Can it learn new languages? How does something go from physical components of metal and silicon to understanding things typed into an interface? Please explain like I am actually 5, or at least 10. Thanks ahead of time. If it is long I will still read it. (No wikipedia links, they are the reason I need to come here.)Part One - History Of Computation At the most-basic level, all digital computers (like the one you're using now) understand some variety of machine code. So one combination of zeroes and ones means "remember this number", and another combination means "add together the two numbers I made you remember a moment ago". There might be tens, or hundreds, or thousands of instructions understood by a modern processor. If you wanted to create a new dialect of machine code, you'd ultimately want to build a new kind of processor. But people don't often program in ones and zeroes any more. Back when digital computers were new, they did: they'd flip switches on or off to represent ones and zeroes, or they'd punch cards with holes for ones and no-holes for zeroes, and then feed them through a punch-card reader. That's a lot of work: imagine if every time you wanted your computer to do something you'd have to feed it a stack of cards! Instead, we developed gradually "higher-level" languages with which we could talk to computers. The simplest example would be what's called assembly code. When you write in assembly, instead of writing ones and zeroes, you write keywords, link MOV and JMP. Then you run a program (of which the earliest ones must have been written directly in machine code) that converts, or those keywords into machine code. Then you can run it.
I understand not ALL Americans believe they should be able to own guns, but why do so many still believe they need them after seeing/hearing/reading about all these problems they cause? EDIT: Wow, I didn't expect so many replies. I notice people keep saying "people are the problem, not the guns". I agree to some extent but I can't help thinking that if you removed the guns surely the problem would start to disappear/lesser itself?I think a lot of Americans believe that gun rights are the canary on the coal mine -the coal mine being a government that's overreaching and becoming too big. It's not really about having guns as much it is about the government becoming too powerful. That's why you'll see Americans who hate guns support gun rights; they hate the idea of a big government even more.That... Is a very interesting idea. I like it.This just really changed my opinion on the whole debate. Hmm.I thought this would be self evident.This has a lot to do with the history of the US--the 2nd amendment exists not only to deter a tyrannical government from oppressing the people, but also because our forefathers were worried about outside forces (i.e., England) coming in and taking charge again. We got some pretty deep-seated trust issues as a nation.
I've been wanting to experience a train ride but all we have are really awful (and slow) passenger trains. It would take me 3 hours to drive from Houston to Austin, and the train ride estimates 7 1/2 hours. What happened to trains as transportation in America?Trains are less effective in the US because we are spread out. Trains work really well when a lot of people at point A want to get to point B on a regular basis. In Europe, the population is denser and more centralized. A train going from Paris to Brussels connects about 30 million people. Houston to Austin is about the same distance, and connects maybe 8 million. On top of that, Houston is far more spread out...you might be travelling an hour just to get to the train station. Spread out means more stops to service fewer people, and that's when trains stop making sense.Interesting. I guess as an American, I'm a little ignorant as to when trains are typically used. I always associated trains with long trips and such, so that may be my problem.True but even a train from NYC to Washington DC is expensive and thats connecting quite a few millions of folks. My last trek down there cost ~$200 round trip on the Amtrak.
Do libraries have to pay extra to these companies (i.e. distribution fees?) or is it just like one person buying a copy and distributing it?First sale doctrine applies to libraries, video rental outfits, etc. From Wikipedia The doctrine allows the purchaser to transfer (i.e., sell, lend or give away) a particular lawfully made copy of the copyrighted work without permission once it has been legally obtained. This means that the copyright holder's rights to control the change of ownership of a particular copy ends once ownership of that copy has passed to someone else, as long as the copy itself is not an infringing copy. They purchased the copy legally, so they can lend, sell, or rent it out as they see fit so long as they're not duplicating it.So how does this apply to things like games and software? People have been complaining forever about DRM preventing people from lending their games to a friend.So this only applies to places legally able to rent out products? Could they just go out and buy a bunch of movies or do they have to purchase special "distributable" copies?
[deleted]One factor that no one has mentioned yet is that a significant proportion of homeless people have psychological disorders, namely schizophrenia. Males are more likely to develop schizophrenia, and the age of incidence in males is younger than in females. While males tend to show schizophrenic symptoms in their teens to 20's, females tend to show psychotic symptoms in their 30's. Taking these two things into consideration, it is reasonable that someone in their 30's has had more time to build a support system, to have established themselves in society, and to have people and resources to fall back on once they begin to be less functional. An 18-year-old is less likely to have these things, so they would be more likely to end up on the streets due to lack of resources for therapy. There are definitely other factors that contribute to the disproportionality of homeless males and females, but the prevalence of mental disorders should not be overlooked.Take a look at this timeline for some other info. To really (poorly) restate what I learned about this..."humane" mental health (e.g. it's an illness that needs human compassion and care to cure) became massively popular. Too popular - the system could not be sustained and really, really bad things started to happend (think lobotomies for everyone). Somewhat due to this public support for the expensive (and now inhumane) system dropped and the hospitals closed, turning out tons of people on the streets. There were supposedly outlets to help, but IIRC they were little more than "walk in, get some drugs, and leave" (e.g. the infamous revolving door). Most people I've known with schizophrenia hate the drugs, so they would just go untreated. So the conception that homeless people are crazy (which is quite popular in the US) isn't false, many of them are in fact ill. There was actually some interesting discussion on another sub about the fact that many of the "crazy homeless" belonged to one generation and that it was dying out slowly, which was drastically modifying the makeup of the homeless population back to "before the hospitals closed suddenly" levels. There is good terminology for all this but I've forgotten it :-(
I guess everyone is too lazy to reply, OP. There are some good explanations for this, but my vague, non-scientific understanding is, it is indeed a physical condition, one that we inherited from our ancestors. I'm sure you can find a more technical/accurate/correct explanation of this, but here's the gist of it. Our brains have a vulnerability that makes it extremely easy to get addicted to things. Watching TV can stimulate you (you are rewarded with dopamine). The more TV you watch, the more you want to watch it. The brain is rewiring itself to crave TV, because it was a source of dopamine release. Why does the brain do this? Because it worked to our ancestors favour. Their brain would be wired to be 'addicted' to gathering food, because it was necessary for survival and even the act of simply gathering the food would be rewarding to them, giving them a higher chance of surviving the next drought. This routine of gathering now becomes ingrained. So after a while, any moment you are not watching TV, your brain will be agitated, because your primitive brain isn't doing something it thinks is useful (because you're not getting dopamine) so you will crave TV. So basically, you are addicted to a low energy, highly stimulated state, it's as simple as that. Ever notice that you browse reddit for hours, even when you've seen everything, and there's nothing even remotely enjoyable about it? It's your brain telling you "keep looking, you'll find it! (dopamine)". As your brain continues to rewire itself, it also starts to cull the circuits in the brain that it deems 'un-useful', such as the ability to learn. Soon, TV will be the only thing that gives you a dopamine fix, which means everything else in the world will seem boring, and this is the root of laziness.
I see a lot of flak from folks claiming min wage shouldnt be raised. However I see in min wage jobs, people, (myself included) who are not teenagers, and trying to raise a family, and how hard it is to do on mere minimum wage. What is it about raising minimum wage gets people so riled? Edit: Hey guys - I appreciate the time you took to explain this. Thank you very much for your responses :) <3Imagine you run a business, and you've worked out that you manage to pay a total of $90/hr., and imagine that minimum wage was $9/hr/person. So, you can work out that you can afford to hire 10 people to work for you at $9/hr. Now the government comes along and says that you must pay people $10/hr., instead of $9/hr. But, you still can only afford to pay $90/hr total. At $10/hr/person, now you can only afford to have 9 people working for you, instead of 10. The numbers may vary, but the principle remains the same: higher required pay and the same (or, as happens in this economy often, LESS) money, means fewer jobs available, and thus fewer people working and more people out of work.Alternatively, you as the business owner may not have the option of reducing staff, and have to raise your $90 budget to $100. To afford this, you must raise your prices/rates. Boom: inflation. The minimum wage worker is still unable to afford the things he needs.
Think of the fat as the food you store in your home bomb shelter. Your bomb shelter is there to keep you safe when you are in danger and the food you store in that place is only to be used up when you cannot get other food. Now you could always snack on the food in the bomb shelter whenever you like, but more than anything you want to keep a hold of it in case an emergency comes along. When your body sends you hunger signals it is telling you your pantry, in this analogy this would be the food you ate recently, is completely empty. Your body now wants you to go to the groceries and pick up more food. If it turns out nuclear war has broken out and you can't get to the grocery store, then it's okay to eat the food you have stored in your bomb shelter. However the body does not think this is the best of idea, since the best option would be to keep these emergency supplies and get more food too. So your body keeps saying "Hey! Go get the groceries! I don't want to have to keep using up what's supposed to be there for an emergency!!!" As for How the signal works: One of the major signals that tells you to eat is Leptin. Leptin is a hormone - a small thing that is released into the blood which tells other body parts what's going on and what to do. Leptin is released by fat when you have eaten food to tell the body that you are full, this tells the body that you don't need to eat any more. When you don't eat, the fat doesn't release this 'hormone' and so you feel hungry.
So the number one video on r/video is a creepy clip on protests(?) in Anaheim. What's going on there and why did it start?But what are they protesting about exactly?The protest started last week when local police allegedly shot a fleeing suspect in the back. Two men were fatally shot by Anaheim police this month: Manuel Diaz, 25, on July 21 and Joel Acevedo, 21, the next day. Authorities said Diaz, who was unarmed, was avoiding arrest and that Acevedo had fired at officers during a foot chase. http://www.ocregister.com/news/family-366174-police-diaz.html Then last weekend, protesters gathered outside the police station, and SOMEONE in the crowd (there is debate about whether the antagonist was a protester or a police plant) started throwing objects at the police. The police retaliated with rubber bullets and beanbags, firing indiscriminately, according to people at the scene. Since then, the tension between police and citizens has escalated, and there has been another shooting. http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/lanow/2012/08/anaheim-mayor-meets-residents-fatal-police-shooting.html
Games like the Mass Effect Trilogy, Battlefield, EA sports. They seem to have a lot of weight in the gaming industry yet, recently they seem to be in the gutter: http://investor.ea.com/stockquote.cfm In 2005 they had the best stock with around 64 bucks a pop and 2008 they just completely crashed. I know it may be due to the recession but still, in the last four years the trend hasn't been that great. I'd think the it would recover eventually but even then, its lowest point was in 2011 when it was going for 11 dollars. Despite making high production value games and getting good reviews and great sales, why is EA still in the gutter? Also, please no EA SUX LOL circlejerk here, I'd like a neutral response if possible :) EDIT: Holy crap, didn't expect this to blow up like it did. Thanks for the great answers! But it seems so far I've discovered that: EA's P/E ratio was unrealistically high (of course, some did think that EA would produce several high quality games, and thus were optimistic) but when it failed to deliver EA's stock plummeted. This combined with a volatile market and a recent recession AND the failure of SWTOR suggests EA has failed to deliver on the future prospects that the investors hoped they would.The sticker price of a stock is a lot less important than the relative price of the stock. When you are buying a company, you are basically paying for income in the future (the money the company earns). The relative price of a stock is often expressed in terms of the price of the stock/ the earnings. A company that has a relatively high P(rice)/E(arnings) ratio will be expected to have higher growth prospects to justify those earnings. It looks like people had unrealistic expectations of EA’s future income growth, and so people bid up the price back in 2005. EA simply did not grow fast enough to justify the outlandish price. EA still has a relatively high valuation, where the price of the stock is 72 times the last year’s earnings. This compares to Activision’s and Microsoft’s P/E ratio of about 15. TL;DR People had unrealistic expectations of EA’s future growth prospects in 2005.Hm, that explains the loss of confidence post 08.
I think they're beautiful animals and it would make me very sad if they all died out. But from a scientific standpoint, what impact do they have now as it is? And how would that change? Edit: Thank you for all the answers, I really appreciate it. I could have been more specific, but some of you read my mind anyway. What I'm really getting at, is that I know it's sad whenever a species dies out and we should do whatever we can to stop it. But with an animal like a tiger where there are so few left, what's the scientific reason to save them? Carry on.Imagine a garden with 3 species - ladybugs, aphids, and strawberries. Ladybugs spread slowly, and eat aphids. Aphids spread quicker, and eat strawberries. Strawberries spread very quickly, and only need sunshine. Normally, there is a balance. Ladybugs will eat enough aphids so that the aphids can't eat all of the strawberries. The numbers of ladybugs and aphids and strawberries remain roughly stable, year after year. (I won't get into predator prey cycle) Imagine, however, if all the ladybugs in the garden were killed off. This is great for the aphids! They can expand and have more and more babies. This isn't so good for the strawberries, and soon they are eaten. This is now very bad for the aphids because they have nothing to eat! They starve and all die. Just by removing one part of the garden, we've destroyed the whole thing. Similarly, a tiger (edit: I was thinking lions for some reason, I know tigers don't live near zebras and antelope) is the apex predator anywhere there isn't people. You remove them, the antelope and zebras and deer get overpopulated, and they eat too many plants, and turn the savanna into desert. (This isn't the only, or even the most major cause for desertification, but I'm simplifying things here)
First of all, the Whites don't give a fuck. Moonshiners is fake.Moonshiners is a reenactment. They don't get in trouble because there's no real evidence. Saying "I did this" isn't really enough.Well said... Now put a dollar in the Swear Jar.I am an attorney in Charleston, WV, and I practice pretty regularly in Boone County, WV, where the Whites was filmed, and where the family still lives. I don't do criminal law but I'm regularly in the courtroom waiting for my case when criminal hearings occur, and I've seen several White family members in court before. I can assure you that they did not "get away with it" - many of them were already in prison or awaiting arraignment when the documentary aired back in the day. Almost all of them are convicts/ex-cons, and Jesco is in and out of jail basically all the time. To my knowledge, none of the activities in the documentary were used as evidence against the Whites, but not because the Whites "got away with it" but because the cops and prosecutors down there never needed it to put any of the Whites away.
I understand they change colors but how? Do they like meditate and change colors? Are they even aware of colors? Or is it just all their skinIt's all brain controlled. So on some level, every color change is a result of something the chameleon is "aware" of. However, you can think of color changes sort of like goosebumps - something of which you're aware, and which arises in response to various rather sophisticated situations (like 'terror'), but which you can't consciously control. Colors are produced by a layer of cells called chromatophores. Chameleons have a couple layers of chromatophores, corresponding to various primary colors. Activating a layer of chromatophores is sort of like activating your goosebumps. So you can think of chamelons as having 2-3 layers of goosebumps, which instead of making a hair stand on end, instead change color.Isn't it also true that they don't actually blend into their environment, it's just random as to which color they change into?so they function exactly like cuttlefish except can't cuttlefish do texture too?
as far as I know these are all completely interchangeable when dealing with aches and pains (especially headaches) But how do each of these drugs work, and is one better than the other depending on underlying problem?Aspirin and Ibuprofen (as well as Naproxen) are Non-Steroidal Anti-Inflammatory Drugs (NSAIDs). They relieve pain by reducing inflammation and swelling. Acetaminophen acts primarily by blocking pain receptors in the central nervous system (although it does have a small anti-inflammatory effect as well). This is why NSIADs are generally recommended over Acetaminophen for muscle and joint pain, and Acetaminophen more for general pain. Most of the other differences between the specific drugs are things like side effects and other interactions (e.g. Aspirin is bad for your stomach, Ibuprofen and Naproxen are bad for your heart, Acetaminophen is bad for your liver).(e.g. Aspirin is bad for your stomach, Ibuprofen and Naproxen are bad for your heart, Acetaminophen is bad for your liver). Ibuprofen is also harsh/bad on the stomach/GI - for this reason annyone with a bowl disease (e.g. Crohn's disease, Colitus, etc.) should avoid NSAIDs where possible.So acetaminophen for headaches and aspirin or ibuprofen for a bruise or something?
[deleted]Here it is straight from the mouth of the director: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0062622/faq#.2.1.43 GELMIS: The final scenes of the film seemed more metaphorical than realistic. Will you discuss them -- or would that be part of the "road map" you're trying to avoid? KUBRICK: No, I don't mind discussing it, on the lowest level, that is, straightforward explanation of the plot. You begin with an artifact left on earth four million years ago by extraterrestrial explorers who observed the behavior of the man-apes of the time and decided to influence their evolutionary progression. Then you have a second artifact buried deep on the lunar surface and programmed to signal word of man's first baby steps into the universe -- a kind of cosmic burglar alarm. And finally there's a third artifact placed in orbit around Jupiter and waiting for the time when man has reached the outer rim of his own solar system. When the surviving astronaut, Bowman, ultimately reaches Jupiter, this artifact sweeps him into a force field or star gate that hurls him on a journey through inner and outer space and finally transports him to another part of the galaxy, where he's placed in a human zoo approximating a hospital terrestrial environment drawn out of his own dreams and imagination. In a timeless state, his life passes from middle age to senescence to death. He is reborn, an enhanced being, a star child, an angel, a superman, if you like, and returns to earth prepared for the next leap forward of man's evolutionary destiny. That is what happens on the film's simplest level. Since an encounter with an advanced interstellar intelligence would be incomprehensible within our present earthbound frames of reference, reactions to it will have elements of philosophy and metaphysics that have nothing to do with the bare plot outline itself.
Is it still used as an ISP? I saw something in the elevator at work today (they have screens that have little news blurbs) and it mentioned AOL buying some other company for over $400 million dollars. I haven't even thought of AOL since the 90's, how is it still a company and how does it make money? Edit: Answered, thanks everyone! It boggles my mind how much they still make on subscribers.Is it still used as an ISP? Yes. Believe it or not, there are still places in America without access to broadband. Also, some people cling on out of price or other concerns. it mentioned AOL buying some other company for over $400 million dollars They acquired the Huffington Post about 2 years ago for over $300M (almost all cash). They've been snapping up media companies for the last few years, essentially reshaping the business from an ISP to online content and advertising. how is it still a company and how does it make money? From the 'pedia: "The company's business spans digital distribution of content, products, and services, which it offers to consumers, publishers, and advertisers." Keep in mind it was part of AOL-Time Warner until 2009, so it wasn't exactly suffering through the last decade on its lonesome.Still used a bit here in the UK too, mainly in the countryside where broadband doesn't exist.
Nurse here. When you stay in one position for too long, your bones actually press against the muscle and skin in your bottom. This pushes the blood away from your skin. If you stay like this too long, you get what's called a decubitus ulcer, or bedsore. If someone is too sick to do it themselves, we have to turn them every two hours to prevent this, and because your bottom is so much smaller than the rest of you, but all of your weight is on it, we have patients change position every fifteen minutes. So that seems like a lot. But your brain already makes you shift that often, before your skin starts to break down. And how does it do that? By making your bottom sore! So, short answer: listen to your body. Most pain is a warning, not an illness. Frequent position shifting and breaks from sitting will keep your keister happy!Seating and Positioning expert here. (ATP) It's disappointing to see best answer this far down the page. Being that Bedpans is a nurse, she's giving you the right answer, but she's left out the key points as to WHY your ass hurts.
Someone must have been doing some fraudulent selling in order for that level of a collapse to occur on the back of the sub-primes. And please, spare your hyperbole for r/politics. What I'm asking is, on what grounds did they protest their innocence? And why can't/didn't we close that loophole?You need to really understand what happened. When a bank takes deposits, they want to invest those deposits. But they really don't want to invest in something that loses money - if they do, they've lost your bank account! Because of this, banks need an investment that never loses money. That's really, really hard to find. It's important to understand: there's a big difference between a good investment and one that never, ever loses money. Stock in google is a good investment: it's a good company, they make a lot of money. But google stock sometimes goes down. Banks shouldn't invest your bank account in google stock, for that reason. They just can't take a chance on losing your bank account. If a bank invests money in something that they think will never ever lose money, and then they do lose money - even a little, then the bank is screwed. Really, really screwed. Because it wasn't their money to lose. So if a bank is being good and playing it safe, what they usually invest in is mortgages. Mortgages might not seem "safe" to you, but comparatively, they are safe. If you loan money to a thousand homeowners, even in a recession, at most 5% of homeowners will default. That's actually really good - an investment that never loses more than 5%. If you invested money in stock, you could lose 100% of it. So the risk of losses with mortgages really are much lower. That's why banks and mortgages have gone hand-in-hand for a long, long time.
Physically, there are (usually) hundreds, maybe thousands of individual connections and devices that data has to travel through between your computer and the server it's communicating with. That's hundreds or thousands of individual things that could go wrong! Maybe a cable connection burned out somewhere, or a switch has been reset along the line. Your ISP might be making changes to it's equipment for a couple of minutes, or maybe the guys working on the exchange accidentally a wire or two. Logically: Software is complicated! Each device your data passes through runs software that makes it able to pass on your data. If you leave a device running for long enough, it might decide to just throw a tantrum and stop working, for almost no reason! In terms of the internet, this usually happens on your end unfortunately. Your computer is probably running a couple hundred individual programs at any one time, and any one of them might send a signal another one doesn't like, or decide it's had enough and stop working. If that program has something to do with enabling your networking capabilities, the whole thing might just stop working. In this case, resetting your computer will restart those programs, and they will have forgotten all of the little things that were annoying them in the first place!
For the short version, skip to the section "So in summation" First of all, onion routing is the method that is used by Tor, which is a program. It's named that because it has layers. Like an onion. And an ogre. So how does it work? Let's say I want to access the website that's located at this server. My computer connects to another computer in the Tor network, which connects to another, and so on. Eventually, one of them will connect to the server, which can send back information using this pattern. However, none of the computers in the Tor network know who is getting what. The computer that you connect to isn't the same as the one that connected to the server, so it's very anonymous. Another key feature is that the path of nodes used differs each time. The first time I visit a site, it might connect to computer B, then computer A, then computer J before connecting to the server. The next time, it might connect to computer F, then computer B, then computer L before getting the server. As a result, not only do none of the computers know who is viewing what, but the computers used change from time to time (about every ten minutes). So why use Tor and onion routing? Simply because it's very, very anonymous. All the connections are encrypted and it would be nearly impossible to trace a user. It is, however, much slower than regular browsing, since we have to connect to all these computers in series. More on how Tor works .
I always used to download the .torrent files, because it was easier to exclude things like sample videos and dumb usenet group txt files from certain videos, or pick out parts of a HUGE torrent that you want. Because the .torrent contains information about what you're getting. With magnets you have to wait for the file list to load and then dick around with it. This is mostly a client issue, I realize, and I could probably work around it myself. uTorrent will probably default to a setting that lets you do this transparently sometime. Still, it's a tiny inconvenience, so what is gained? Thanks!You know how Santa has a big list of children who are naughty or nice? When he wants to know if a child is good or bad, he simply looks up their name in his list and finds the answer (and this is how Napster worked). Now some bad men decided that only they could decide who gets presents and told Santa he couldn't keep his big list and they made him tear it up. It broke his heart to do so, but they gave him no choice. But the bad men didn't count on the elves, as you all know elves are very smart and so one weekend before the list was torn up, while the bad men were playing golf and cheating on their wives, the elves stayed up late and each elf memorised part of the list and then they wrote millions and millions of pages, one for each child, and each page contained a list of the elves that know if that child is naughty or nice. Now when Santa wants to know if a child is naughty or nice, he has to go find the page listing the elves that know about the child, then he has to find those elves and ask them (and this is how torrent trackers work). But the bad men were still wroth with Santa, "Santa can not be allowed to keep these pages!" they exclaimed, because they still allow Santa to find the elf who knows if you are naughty, and who knows if you are nice. "We'll see you in court" they threatened Santa, in low and menacing tones.
When I was a kid, my parents told me, "If your server does a good job, you leave them a little bit of extra money as a thank you." More importantly, if the service was bad, you left nothing, because you were not obligated to leave anything. Today it seems like tipping has become mandatory, regardless of the quality of service. Is it because "times are tough" or has the expectation shifted for some other reason? I know the minimum wage for servers is lower than the standard, but I also know that if their tips doesn't bring them "up" to the standard minimum wage, the restaurant is supposed to kick in the difference. I ask because we went out to eat last night, and the service was horrible. It took over 30 minutes to get our food (even though the place was dead), the order was wrong, and our server left in the middle of our service. Maybe her shift was over, but I'm not sure. We had to ask the manager for our ticket, and when we were asked how the experience was, we, well, told them it was kinda shitty, and explained why. The manager listened, then when we were leaving, she asked us if we were going to leave our tip on the table or if we wanted to add it to the bill at the register. I was dumbfounded at this, because in my mind, not only was a tip not warranted, but the server had also, you know, left. The experience just got me wondering. When did the tipping culture in America change? Or, was it always like this, and I've just come to see it for what it is as I've gotten older? And when the fuck did 30% become the norm? The manager last night honestly tried to tell me that $5 on a $15 bill was normal, but I sure as shit wasn't about to leave that much. I left a buck on the table and left. The whole experience was just bizarre. Any insight would be awesome. I'm not trying to be a dick at all, I'm just confused and wondering if/when the expectation changed.OK, since this ELI5 is about tipping, it's going to go to shit really quickly. Lets start with the obvious: I ask because we went out to eat last night, and the service was horrible. It took over 30 minutes to get our food (even though the place was dead), the order was wrong, and our server left in the middle of our service. Maybe her shift was over, but I'm not sure. We had to ask the manager for our ticket, and when we were asked how the experience was, we, well, told them it was kinda shitty, and explained why. The manager listened, then when we were leaving, she asked us if we were going to leave our tip on the table or if we wanted to add it to the bill at the register. This is a great situation in which tipping isn't expected. You were exposed to extremely unprofessional service, and more importantly, the manager was extremely unprofessional. The first rule of tipping from the restaurant's perspective is that you don't talk about tipping. This is the golden rule. Exceptions are made only for talking about mandatory gratuities and things like that - under no circumstances should a manager ever, ever be telling you 'what you should tip'. Certainly not after a meal that they fucked up. Second, tipping is a social custom which gives diners the option to reward good behavior and punish bad behavior. The system works relatively well when non-assholes are on both sides. Sometimes the system doesn't work so well, because you're an asshole, or your server is an asshole. It happens.
[deleted]I've had Australian Shepards with a strong commands of the English language. "Hey Sidney, " (ears perk up) "Can you go grab me a beer. Also, you can have a biscuit." (she comes out with my beer, a few minutes later she's crunching on a biscuit.) "Sidney, " (ears perk up) "Can you take this beer to Ryan?" she'd grab it and take it to Ryan. Once we taught her what a beer was and what biscuits were she could go and get them herself. Just watch tv with your dog. It can learn English at about the same level as a child. It took me a while to figure out that she understood English, but once I did, she became a good roommate, kinda like Brian from Family Guy, but couldn't talk or drive... or wash her dishes...or buy her own food. Actually, she was a terrible roommate, but a good friend. I miss her terribly.Sidney can resist not eating her biscuits until you tell her to?! I am assuming the biscuits are just laying around. My dog can resist not eating treat if I tell him to but if they are just laying around like that I am sure he would devour all of it when I am not there.
he apparently deserves every punishment the legal system can deliver, but why two accounts per victim? what is the legal basis of multiple counts per victim? http://www.csmonitor.com/USA/Latest-News-Wires/2012/0730/Colorado-shooting-suspect-spends-a-second-day-in-courthttp://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Depraved-heart_murder He killed 12 people, so he's charged with 12 counts of first degree murder, but he did it in a way that could've resulted in the deaths of any number of people, so he's also charged with "depraved indifference" associated with each of those counts. By the same token, he wounded 58 people, and so he's charged with 116 counts of attempted murder.Man I feel bad for that jury.I still don't get how you can be convicted of killing the same person twice. It's either you did it with depraved indifference, or you didn't. You can't have it both ways, wouldn't that violate double jeopardy (I might be an idiot)this still isn't explaining why he's being charged two counts per injured person.
Edit: Sorry, it has not been passed yet, it has only been passed by the House. We still have the Senate and Obama. First post ever. I just heard that CISPA has been passed by a landslide. What does this mean exactly? I have been to r/CISPA and have read what its about but i don't really understand the whole concept. So i came here.It's been passed by the House only. The Senate hasn't voted on it yet and President Obama has threatened to veto it if they do. Although, if it does, it will: Allow the government to censor any "cyberthreat" online that it deems harmful. Neither "cyberthreat" or "harmful" of fully defined and extremely vague, leading to fears that the government will overstep its bounds and silence valid political speech or act on behalf of various industry groups like the MPAA and RIAA to takedown any allegedly-unofficial content without any judicial review. For example, sites like Wikileaks and any site dealing with bitcoins could be shut down. Allow private companies to share your private information with each other and with the government without telling you that they are doing it. Again, the limits to this information is vague, leading to speculation that it will be used to pry into your email, browser history, and even into things like your online banking and medical records.
This is a problem I've had since my young teenage years and still persists to this day. Every week I'm in class and as the end of the day draws near all I want to do is go home and sleep, but it seems like once I get there I'm wide awake. Then I wide up being awake until past midnight each night and the cycle continues. Do other people experience this? Is there a reason?This would be a more appropriate question for r/askscience, but anyways here goes: Basically, not to over-complicate things, but to understand how this works you have to understand that the reasons you feel sleepy are from a combination of environmental cues (the most obvious of which is sunlight), body temperature, hormones, and some other stuff. These factors set you to a "circadian" cycle, which is roughly 24 hours, and determines things like when you get hungry, when you get sleepy, when you feel energetic, etc. Now, for most people, this cycle roughly aligns with their daily routine, hence why they've adopted that routine. Makes sense, right? But, there are certain things we can do that will jolt us out of our routine, unfortunately. The most common of these is jet lag - a sudden change in day/night cycle will usually cause problems in our circadian cycle. This is why in foreign countries we often feel hungry at odd hours in addition to an inability to sleep at night and being tired during the day. It's all related. Other things that can cause fluctuation in your circadian cycle are hormonal imbalances (for whatever reason - drugs, prescribed or otherwise, often mess with the circadian cycle), and one factor that's become increasingly common over the past few years, the light from computer screens.
[deleted]Google+ was better than Facebook in pretty much every single conceivable way. It hit big with the tech/geek crowd first. We LOVED it, and when it came out of beta, we brought our friends over. Here's the thing: a social network is only as good as the people on it. People are used to Facebook. It's what they know, and it's been dominant for a long time now. Longer than Myspace was. They were invested in Facebook. Getting them to change completely was tough and nearly impossible at the time. This is my very long explanation/metaphor. Think of social network sites like a bar. Everyone hangs out at the same bar. It's not the greatest bar, but it's where you've been hanging out for years. It's comfortable You know everyone there, you're familiar with it, and everyone's familiar with you. You've got your favorite seat/table. It's that place that when people say "Let's go to the bar", you don't have to ask which bar...it's just The Bar. So you hear about this other place, The New Bar. You decide to check it out, and it's freakin' AWESOME. They have clean, comfortable seats, a shiny new floor, awesome beers on tap, great lighting, the works. It's the bar you've always wanted, better than The Old Bar in every way. You're so excited to tell your friends about The New Bar, and you're 100% certain that they're going to love it like you do, and they'll all want to switch bars. So you go running to your friends to tell them all about it. And a few of your friends agree to go with you to check it out, and sure enough they love it. They show up a few times and think it's great, and tell their friends.
Currently, Syria is run by an Alawite regime headed by Bashar al-Assad. The Alawite are a group of tribes from western Syria and make up between 10% and 20% of the population depending on who you ask. These tribes practice a form of Shia Islam, in contrast to the majority of the population who are Sunni. The Alawite have been in control since the sixties when Bashar's father, Hafez al-Assad took over in a coup. Hafez was a master politician, though a brutal and repressive dictator. Bashar is not in the same league and many feel he is first among a group that lead the regieme, but not a real force on his own. Last year, public demonstrations against the regime began, like elsewhere in the Arab world. As the government inefectually sought to crush the demonstrations, they gradually became a rebellion. As most of the population is Sunni, this rebellion was by definition a sectarian conflict. As one would expect, the rebellion itself is divided and includes groups with many different agendas. The only thing they seem to agree on is that the regime has to go (and that they don't like Israel, but that's mom and apple pie in the Arab world). This year, the rebellion became strong enough to compete with the government in rural areas, and has taken over large swaths of the country. Lately, they have been contesting urban areas, with less success. Lacking heavy weapons, proper logistics, air power and a military command, the rebels can't shoot it out with the Army. That's why they had to retreat after taking portions of Damascus two weeks ago. Its also why they will lose the battle of Aleppo if they stand and fight.
Title pretty much says it all.Marx was an economic thinker. He believed that eventually capitalism was doomed to fail and that those that did the work (proletariat) would eventually rise up and over throw those that reap benefit from it yet did none themselves (bourgeois). Communism would be the next logical step. Lenin believed that the proleteriat didn't have the means to overthrow the bourgeois in his country. So to speed it up a small group of dedicated Marxists (vanguard) would overthrow the state, declare war on the remnants of the bourgeois and other classes, and guide the proletariat towards a Communist (or socialist, can't remember if communism was just the name for this stage) Utopia. Stalin came after his death and basically used the foundation of Leninism to create a cult of personality around himself. And this Stalinist ideology was exported to other Communist regimes. Maoism is stalinism but since China had an underdeveloped proletariat Mao solved that problem by advancing the peasantry (the largest class in China) and cementing his revolution in that way. Trotsky was a comrade of Lenin ( as was Stalin) who after Lenin's death lost a power struggle to rule Russia against stalin and was murdered. If my memory's correct he would have wanted something more along the lines of workers councils running the country rather than 1 dictator but I could be wrong about that.
The same could be applied to Africa or impoverished countries that have problems with safe drinking water. I thought of this from this post.Pipelines are expensive. The Keystone pipeline from Alberta to Texas will literally cost billions of dollars. A company will need to be able to make a large amount of money to pay for a pipeline of similar size. An oil pipeline ships oil, which sells for over $100 per barrell. Water is not worth as much, somewhere in the range of pennies per barrell. Becasue of this, a water pipeline wouldn't be able to make enough money to pay for itself. And so, no water pipeline of any similar magnitude to Keystone will be built in our lifetimes.Adding to this, the corrosive nature of salt probably dosen't help either.not to mention the fact that desalination plants are expensive on their own. i was watching "modern marvels" one time and they had a desalination plant on the episode and the person who was talking about it said that while it does produce good water it was expensive to do because the desalination process required a HUGE amount of power to happen. its a consistent source of water but it is not economical.
I understand that you can't eat a ton of junk food and expect to stay healthy just by taking multivitamins, but I honestly don't see why anyone needs to eat, for instance, broccoli ever again when they can just take a multivitamin. So I guess is there any benefit the actual food gives you (besides calories) that the vitamin doesn't?For many reasons that I'm about to disclose. Don't get me wrong, though, because I do take a multivitamin every day to supplement my diet. I don't use it as a crutch, but it's certainly a nice fall-back. If you take only one multivitamin a day, you only get what you need at that moment. You eat many times a day because you don't store as much vitamins as you actually need. This is especially true with water soluble vitamins, such as B vitamins. Ever wonder why 5-hour energy has a crazy amount, like 3000% or so of the daily value for B12? It's because all of the extra is released in your urine. You're really only using a very very small amount of that percentage. You store tiny amounts of water soluble vitamins in your liver, but it's not enough at all. Certain minerals, such as Calcium, Iron, Magnesium, and Zinc all are antagonistic in terms of absorption. For example: If a food has Iron and Zinc in it, then the more Zinc the food has, the less Iron you will absorb. Certain vitamins need to have other vitamins or other factors to be absorbed or activated. Let's look at Vitamin B12 as an example. B12 requires a certain stomach enzyme known as Intrinsic factor which is only produced by the stomach lining when you are digesting. A lot of times the supplements will use the derivatives of the vitamins. This means that they need to be changed into the active form by the body. This obviously brings complications because your body may just choose to excrete it instead of transforming it and using it, or that it may get oxidized by free-radicals into an inactive form. Usually, though, the reason why they are in this inactive form is because it is more stable than the active form. This means it's less susceptible to the oxidation.
[deleted]Your assumptions are a little off. The Romans didn't have steam power; they had geegaws that, in retrospect, work by the same principle (if you squint) as steam engines. Even if someone had tried to hook an aeolipile up to machinery, it wouldn't have worked. Useful steam engines have to build up high pressures, and that takes tight fittings (which usually means threaded bolts, but there are some other ways of doing it) and gaskets, neither of which the Romans had much experience with. As for the metallurgy, Roman metalworkers were good, but not Bessemer good. They had no real need to be- it wasn't until European countries started competing to see who could make the best cannon (by that, of course, I mean shooting one another with cannons) that metallurgy really took off there, and it was three hundred years before it brought results that, in turn, enabled mass manufacturing.This. Half the science of cannons is not blowing up the tube that shoots the ball. Also the science of Cannons didn't start until the 1100s, Rome was pretty Lead poisoned to oblivion by then.
EDIT: Any explanation offered here should be presented in an unbiased manner (and most of them are). In that vein, I think it's fair to say that any explanation offered does not necessarily represent the personal views of that user.Marriage is a collection of legal benefits and tax breaks. Generally speaking, the government uses these benefits to encourage people to do a certain thing. For example, we have laws which allow you to get a tax break if you buy a house, and things like that. Marriage, generally speaking, is a package of legal benefits designed to encourage you to choose a partner and start a family with that partner. It encourages stability by increasing the "cost" of leaving your partner. This system is not perfect - as a straight person, I can get married and not have children, and "take advantage" of the system. However, the government has far less reason to provide the same incentive to a family they know will not produce new, productive, taxpaying citizens. (You might say, but they can adopt! True. But adopting does not add more children to the country, which is very important right now because of the way population growth is changing and capitalism works and oh god there's no way in hell to ELI5 this, but anyway, moving on.) Basically, the government giving tax breaks to gay people to get married would be like your mom paying you $5 to play with your truck. You were going to play with your truck anyways. Why should your mom pay you $5 to do something you were gonna do anyway? She could give you that same $5 for cleaning the living room instead - she could use that money to convince you to do something you don't really want to do, instead of giving it to you to do something you'd do for free.
(This is a good answer, but I figured I'd try for a more 5-year-old explanation.) You know that game you play, where you keep asking "Why?" until your parents get annoyed? That's basically what a lot of philosophy is. We say that it's important to get good grades. A philosopher asks, "Why?". Then we say that it's because it's important to get a good job some day. But the philosopher just asks, "Why?" again. The label we give you as a philosopher depends on what you think the last answer is, where it's not possible to ask "Why?" any more. If you think that you can just go on asking "Why?" forever, and there's never going to be a final answer, then you're a nihilist. You don't think that it's really true that it's important to get good grades, because there's nothing that says so. If you think that the last answer is "God says so", then you're what we call a "Divine Command" theorist. You think that, ultimately, God is the one who decided it was good to get good grades. There are lots of other possible answers. You might think it is something to do with the way people's minds work, or maybe even how the whole universe works.
There's a guy at school who talks to a lot of people. Some people tell him interesting things, and he has a very good memory, so if you're ever bored, you can go talk to him and he'll tell you one of their stories. As time progresses, this guy gets more and more popular, and starts to have trouble keeping up with demand for stories, so he goes and finds a bunch of people to help. His helpers' memory capabilities aren't as good as his, but they can talk more quickly. Now, instead of going to the guy for stories, people go find one of his helpers. The helpers eventually relay stories they're told to the guy who still makes a point of remembering everything they're told, and the helpers can remember a few really popular stories by themselves. If someone asks a helper for a story that they can't remember, they'll go off and ask the guy, who will tell the helper, and then the helper will tell the person who asked for it. (Additionally, the helper will remember that story for a little while in case anyone else asks for it.) Except, sometimes someone will ask a helper for a story that the helper can't remember, and when the helper goes to look for the guy, he's too busy telling stories to other helpers to tell them the one they're looking for, so the helper will have to tell whoever's asking for the story that they just can't right now.
I know how regular locks and keys work, but I don't understand how one key could work for multiple locks. Also, pictures/diagrams would be appreciated. I'm a visual learner.Regular locks have a series of two pins stacked on top of each other of varying lengths. That way, when the correct key is inserted the ridges move the pins into the correct alignment so that the space between the pins lines up with the break in the cylinder, enabling it to turn. Now a series of locks with a master key will have three pins stacked on top of each other. That way there's two different ways to line up the pins so that the spaces line up and the cylinder can turn. Check out this picture: http://www.hackcanada.com/ice3/mitlock/p36-nt.gif That would be what you would see with xray vision facing the lock. The spacer pin is what allows a master key to work.What about locks that have multiple keys that open them? Such as my apartment door, there is 5 of us each with a different key that opens up our locked door to our room, as well as the main apartment door. So there's 5 different keys that open the same lock.
Could someone please explain this puzzle? It's from a Ravens IQ-test, apparently from the 60's or something. The Norwegian military still use these to measure the IQ of recruits (beats me). Edit: Big thanks to the_nell_87 for the solution and to Stuntsheep for the tl;dr, which made it even easier to understand Edit 2: Once again, thank you for all the answers. I love how this went from ELI5 to explain like I have a masters degree in computer engineering. You are all awesome, upvotes for everyone (not that they matter, but it's all I have to give). Ninjaedit: Removed the correct answer from the post, in case someone hasn't already seen it and want to give it a go. Thank you re_gina for the heads-up.Okay, you have three rows of three figures. In each row or column, you "add" the first two items together in a certain way to get the third. In the first two rows and first two columns, consider only the "outside" lines (not connected to the dot). When the line is in both 1 and 2, it is not present in 3. When it is in 1 or 2 but not both, it is present in 3. In the 3rd row and column, both of the "outside" lines are in the same position in 1 and 2, so neither would appear in the third figure. Now consider the lines connected to the dot. In the first two rows and columns, when a line is present in 1 or 2 but not both, it is not present in 3, but if it is present in both 1 and 2, it is present in 3. In row 3 and column 3, the lines in 1 and 2 are in different places, so do not appear in figure 3. Thus, the correct answer contains no "outside" lines, and no lines connected to the dot - figure 2.tl;dr: Outside lines get removed if they overlap in the first 2 pictures. Inside lines only stay if they overlap in the first 2 pictures.
What is the chemical or physiological process through which we fall asleep. I understand hormones and melatonin are involved, but how do we transition from lying in bed with our eyes closed to actual sleep and dreaming?Much of the research on sleep involves EEGs, or Electroencephalography, which involves recording electrical activity on one's head. Other electrodes can also be used to monitor other aspects of the body, such as heart rate, respiration, or skin conductance during sleep. We can physiologically characterize sleep based on different waveforms going on in the brain. When we are Awake, EEGs show two different patterns of activity, which we can call A activity and B activity (short for alpha and beta). A activity shows up as medium-frequency waves, and occurs when we are at rest (but awake), sort of just hanging out not really doing anything. B activity consists of irregular, low amplitude waves, and shows up when we are alert and attentive to things in our environment, or thinking actively. Now when we go to sleep, we start to get drowsy and enter Stage 1 sleep, characterized by T activity (theta), which is really a transition from sleep to wakefulness. Your eyes are rolling, and eyelids may slowly open and close. 10 minutes later you'll enter Stage 2 sleep, where the EEG is irregular but has some T activity, but also is characterized by sleep spindles and K complexes, which are two other waveforms we can distinguish in Stage 2 (especially K complexes, which are also the forerunners of Delta waves, which show up in deep sleep). K complexes are like sharp wave spikes (like a big ocean wave) in an otherwise lower ocean of waveforms.
What does the cell phone do? How does it/could it interfere with the airplane? People don't turn their cell phones off all the time and planes rant just dropping out of the sky so why do we even bother? Additionally what is airplane mode and how is it different?I believe it was Mythbusters that tried to look at this closely so grains of salt may be necessary. They basically showed that most air line communications and electronics are on a completely different frequency than those used in most cell phones. A few that they managed to get a positive interference completely messed with the altimeter. Airplanes take the better safe than sorry approach and say shut it all off during take off and landing when those types of instruments are most crucial. During the flight, most phones won't cause issues with sending or receiving but I don't want to sit on a plane surrounded by 50 different cell phone conversations anyway so I'm ok with the conservative approach.According to the Mythbusters site, that's not exactly the conclusion they made in that episode. They found some interference with unshielded cockpit instrumentation, but they also explained that the Federal Communications Commission, not the Federal Aviation Administration, banned cell phones because the usage from planes could clog up cell towers since the signals jump back and forth between several, available towers. Source 1, 2.
[deleted]I went to a small liberal arts colleges specifically because its greek community had very little influence on campus and I tried to stay away from the frats as much as possible. Then I found out that a big part of my friend circle (older kids in classes, clubs, student govt.) were greek. Without soliciting it, I got a bid to join their chapter. At first I did the training as a lark, get out of your comfort zone thing (I saw my first year in college as a social reinvention) but then I realized three things: a. There was no hazing at this chapter and the guys were really cool. (Disclaimer: Hazing is not dead though and many chapters countrywide still haze very hard). Any time I was bored, I could pop by the house and there would always be someone to hang out with. Any time I needed to borrow a car or wanted some help for getting something done (eg. moving, heavy lifting), I could depend on the brothers for help. b. Watching the organization work was tons of fun. Sitting on committees, planning parties, recruiting, it was all strategic and probably the best sandbox I could find for my career. I still call it the best internship I ever had in college c. It wasn't fun to pay dues but having a budget meant that the house could afford really nice stuff like fantastic parties, a huge TV, game systems, etc. Once we even bought the meat from an entire slaughtered buffalo.
I was reading or watching somewhere that laughter is actually an evolutionary survival response to stress. As in; Caveman 1 hears a rustle in the bushes, Caveman 2 and 3 wait with spears ready. Caveman 1 investigates, and discovers that it's two badgers humping. Laughter. Laughter evolved as an evolutionary "pressure release" from stress that is easily interpreted as all clear, no danger here Laughter is a feeling of perceived safety from a stressful situation. That's why it's easy to laugh when the guy on the tv gets kicked in the nuts. Ha Ha, I'm safe and so is he, really. He might hurt, but he's safe. And why we don't (normally) laugh when we see videos of people doing handstands in the street and getting demolished by an 18 wheeler. It's not funny anymore because the sensation of "safe" no longer exists. (some people have distorted this feeling, and that's when we say they have a "sick sense of humor" because they CAN laugh at people who faceplant into concrete when their bungie cord breaks. It's a over-selfishified feeling of "safe")Wow, I don't know if this is correct but it's a very interesting hypothesis
Trapwire is a computer system that gathers up video from security cameras and analyzes it. It then uses facial recognition and pattern recognition to figure out who is in these videos and alerts an actual human if it recognizes behavior that might be a threat. The system is sold to private companies like casinos or government agencies like local police forces. So lets say you own an amusement park. You don't want any nasty terrorists blowing up your park, so you install about two hundred security cameras all over the place to keep an eye on things. But how do you monitor them all? You'd need at least 50 security people to do it effectively (nobody can really watch more than about 4 monitors at a time). And 99.99% of the time, all those security people are watching nothing dangerous happening. It's cheaper and easier to let a smart(ish) program do all the watching. The trapwire system watches all 200 video feeds and analyzes them. If it sees somebody doing something that might be "bad", it alerts one of your real, live security people and they can look for themselves. Why is this a bad thing? Well for one, it's creepy. Nobody likes to be watched, and nobody certainly wants to be judged be some scary computer brain. It's also creepy because a lot of the things the software looks for is not necessarily bad in and of itself. If it sees somebody standing around taking pictures, it might think they're a terrorist, while in reality they're just an amateur photographer.
How does the algorithm work? And I assume it's the same once you sign in for all of a user's selected frontpage subreddits, correct?Here's an attempt at a LI5 answer which says more than "most upvotes in littlest time." Imagine a racetrack for horses that goes on forever in one direction. The start of the track is labeled "Jan 1, 1970 12:00am" and there are equally spaced notches labeled "Jan 1, 1970 12:01am", "Jan 1, 1970 12:02am", and so on. When you submit a post, a horse representative is dropped onto the racetrack at the time of submission. If I submit a post now, it will be dropped at the marker reading "Aug 15, 2011 1:02am." Now hopefully, my horse will start running! Every time my post gets an upvote, it gets a little burst of energy and moves forward. Every time my post gets a downvote, it trips up and loses some distance. If it doesn't get much attention, it'll stay around the marker of the time it was submitted. But if it gets lots of upvotes, it will start to race faster and faster, even past the horses that are being dropped onto the track upstream for newer posts! The front page of r/all is a top 25 list of the horses currently winning this race. The front page of a given subreddit is the top 25 list of the horses from that subreddit currently in the lead.
The middle of the United States, sometimes referred to as the Great Plains, is a large, relatively flat area. This allows colder, dryer air from Canada to head south while warm, moist air from the Gulf of Mexico moves north, eventually meeting in the middle. When these two air masses collide, powerful storms can form, many of which have the capability to produce tornadoes. Because of this, the area is colloquially known as "Tornado Alley." You can see this page for more details.Sorry about the cold airKansan here. You're not joking about the midwest being flat. It is completely, utterly and hilariously flat. Edit: I added this picture below of my daily commute as an exampleAlso the middle of the United States has the highest regular wind of anywhere in the world. Matter of fact, it's the most fertile wind farm area in the world. So much, that the East Coast is trying to get legislation together that would prevent the Great Plains from shipping energy to the East Coast, so they're trying to tariff it out to the East Coast by charging them back their transmission fees.
This seems like a huge announcement. What does this mean?Some smart people found some really hard rocks in the ground 40 years ago. Things in the ground are hard to get out of the ground. Especially when they are really hard rocks. Some other people decided not to tell anybody about the rocks in the ground because they were busy "playing" with their "friends" and had already decided to make their own really hard rocks. They finally told everyone about their cool rocks. 5. The rocks are still going to be really hard to get out of the ground and it will take a lot of time. 6. The rocks aren't very pretty so they'll mostly be used for really big machines that need really hard rocks. 7. There are A LOT of these rocks. More than anybody has ever found before. 8. This means that once they get them out of the ground, lots of people will be able to use them in lots of different big machines (especially big machines that get very hot or that cut very hard things) and that those machines will create useful things for everyone. 9. But again they still have to get them out of the ground. Some other people (like DeBeers) mostly deal with the really pretty and shiny rocks. They already have plenty of those anyway so even if there are more nice rocks in Russia, they probably won't want any more. They certainly won't want to sell their rocks for less money.
Horses legs, compared to the rest of their body are lighter, for speed, so when they break, a lot of times they shatter. When that happens, it's almost impossible to repair. The bones actually bends before it breaks (plastic deformation) so even if you tried to repair it, it would be bent. There is very little soft tissue there, so a break usually is an open fracture. Living tissue needs blood, and in a open fracture the blood supply is damaged. They need all four legs to support in excess of 1000 lbs, so if they try to compensate for healing, they can end up with laminitis. You can't use a sling to support the leg, because they will get sling sores, and the pressure from the sling can damage the intestinal tract. There's no way to get a horse to lie down for weeks, impossible, and even if you could, they would get pneumonia.Not a lot of people realize that even though horses look big and majestic. They are very fragile. They get sick often and when they get an injury, especially to the leg, it's very difficult and very expensive to treat them.What about a cast for the leg, braced to the horse in such a way that it could support weight?
Woah, first page. Didn't expect that. o.OWell, before explaining the stock market, we need to understand stocks. Thankfully, it's not that hard. To start a corporation, a group of people each put in the initial money. Each of these persons gets a number of stock shares proportional to the amount of money they put in. Owning shares of the corporation means that if and when the corporation pays out some of its profits (if there are ever any; this is not guaranteed!), the shareholder will receive some of it, in proportion to the number of shares they own. Now, stock is also transferable. It means that if you own stock in one corporation, you're not stuck with it forever; you may give it to other people in exchange for money, as a gift, or your children may inherit it. When this happens, the corporation is notified that the number of shares in question changed ownership, and they write it down in their records. Anytime the corporation pays out some of its profits to its shareholders, it uses these records to determine who to pay and how much. Now, the stock market is just a set of financial institutions to make it easy for people to buy and sell stock. Why is this so valuable? Because the existence of the stock market makes it easier to find people willing to invest money to start corporations. If there was no stock market, and you gave some money to start a company, you'd be stuck with that investment forever; if you had an unexpected family emergency you'd have no way to get any of that money back quickly, so you'd be very unwilling to invest your money that way unless you were very, very rich and could spare it.
I've heard many times that if you're trapped somewhere in the mountains (for whatever reason) you must not "drink" the snow-water because it will kill you. Why is that? We can drink rain water, so why not snow-water? Thanks!You ARE supposed to drink snow-water (edit:) when there isn't any other water available, it's a great source of water in an emergency. But you're never supposed to eat snow unless it has melted first. Eating snow makes it much easier to die of hypothermia. It doesn't matter if you're in a good shelter, because the snow freezes you from the inside. When you are stuck in any place cold enough that you risk freezing to death, it is dangerous to eat or drink very cold things. It is safe to let the snow melt first, and then drink it. Edit: You should only eat snow as a last resort. Snow has more bacteria in it than some other kinds of water. It also has a bit of whatever was in the air when the snow fell, which could include pollution. Snow that has been on the ground a long time can be considered comparable to an especially clean pool of stagnant water....especially clean pool of stagnant water. That seems like an oxymoron. Never drink standing water. Any standing water is going to be teeming with things that will make you sick.
What's up with those guys?Basically a juggalo is a fan of the music produced by Michigan based record label, Psychopathic Records. Psychopathic Records was founded by the Insane Clown Posse and hosts several "horror rap" acts that have comic book-like personalities. The level of fandom of the Psychopathic Records fans goes far beyond the usual level to the point where an entire sub-culture has been spawned from the imagery, messages, lifestyle, and music associated with the record label. This sub-culture is known as Juggalos. The closest comparison to the Juggalo culture may be akin to the Grateful Dead's "Dead Heads" albeit a more out spoken, urban, poorer, and sometimes violent version of them. It seems that the sub-culture appeals to lower class whites who can't seem to find anything in common with mainstream culture. However, the juggalo culture is an "all inclusive" one that accepts people of any race, sex, or any background that most people would deem bizarre, trashy, or unwanted. So what's up with the strange imagery, campy music, face paint, Faygo, and "trashy" attitudes? Most of the imagery comes from horror mindset of the various bands on Psychpoathic records whose album covers, logos, and symbolism is represented by Juggalos in various ways. The music itself is a mix of Midwest rap, tongue-in-cheek humor, cheesy violence, and various gimmicks. The face paint has been a tradition of the sub-culture to emulate members of the bands on the label (mostly the Insane Clown Posse) and the Faygo is also a tradition as well.
During the Second World War, the U.S. government thought it was a good idea to limit what a company could pay a worker. So, let's pretend your job is making Ninja Turtle action figures in my Ninja Turtle factory. I pay you ten gummy bears an hour for making these Ninja Turtle dolls. Now, I think you're a good worker, so I want to pay you fifteen gummy bears instead of ten. The U.S. government steps in and says, "No! That's not fair. You can only pay ecfunj1 ten gummy bears an hour. That's the law. It's for the greater good- we're in a war, doncha know." Now I, being the staunchly capitalist factory owner that I am, who thinks that you should be paid what you're worth, say, "Well, you're not the boss of me, Federal Government! I think ecfunj1 should get more money." However, not wanting to go to jail, I devise a way around this ridiculous statute. Instead of giving you more money, I pay for your healthcare, which gets around the wage controls set by the government and compensates you more for your labor. Other ways I find to get around this law are paid sick and vacation days. Basically, the reason there is a strong tradition of employer-based healthcare in the United States stems from 1940s government-mandated price and wage controls. Employers who competed in hiring workers in a scarce labor market were unable to pay more money to attract more/better workers. Employers resorted to offering perks, such as health insurance and paid sick/vacation days, to compensate workers more without breaking the law by paying them more.
[deleted]We have an embargo against Cuba. Meaning all trade with the country is off limits. It's got nothing to do with the cigar and everything to do with Cuba.As far as the cigar quality, Cuban cigars have really lost quality since the embargo, apparently. The ones I've smoked were strong as hell, but not really that enjoyable compared to, say, Domincan cigars. 40+ years of the embargo has definitely taken a toll. We have so much more variety and competition in America among non-Cuban brands that unless you specifically like the harsher taste, it's not for you. However, I must add that I've only had stronger Cuban cigars and would love to try a mild one.Fun Fact: It's because of this that US cannot get the same Havana Club (distilled in Cuba) that we UKers (and the rest of the world) gets. "But wait...I can buy Havana Club at my local nightclub and I live in America" True, you can buy a brand called 'Havana Club rum', but technically you're buying what we get as Bacardi, because Bacardi bought the rights to the market name 'Havana Club' in USA because they saw an opportunity in eliminating the traditional Cuban competition.
I haven't been following the whole "cispa" deal at all. I know it involves a threat to internet security, and that most people think it's bad. Can someone ELI5?Basically it allows companies to provide the federal government with data concerning "cybersecurity threats" without liability. Currently most large websites have a Privacy Policy which normally states that companies will not voluntarily share your data. If they did share your data, then you could likely successfully sue them. CISPA protects companies from lawsuits if they share data concerning "cybersecurity threats" with the federal government. So companies like Facebook and Google tend to like the bill because it shields them from liability. Opponents of the bill note that it doesn't actually do a whole lot to increase cybersecurity protection--the government has always had the power to retrieve user data of suspected cybersecurity criminals with the appropriate warrants. CISPA only applies to companies voluntarily sending data to the government anyways. Also, they believe that cybersecurity is ill-defined in the bill and allows the government too much leeway with how the data is used. They think that companies shouldn't be able to share their information when they said that they wouldn't.Ok, I'm asking as if I where five: What are cybersecurity threats? What data does the government need about those? And what data do companies have that the government wants?
From what I understand, overclocking refers to getting your computer equipment to work faster. How does that work, and why is it even necessary? EDIT: OK guys, I think I understand overclocking now. Thank you for all of your detailed answers.First time answering on ELI5, here goes: Computers or rather the microprocessors inside them, and most digital devices and chips use what is called a clock signal. In concept it is very similar the guy in front of a roman ship beating a drum to help the rowers keep their rhythm. Every time he hits the drum, all the rowers pull back in unison. Similarly, the clock signal is an electric signal that sends a brief pulse (which is an increase in voltage) and all the listening microprocessors do 1 unit of work. Some operations take 1 clock cycle to finish, some take several. Now, faster this clock ticks, the faster the microprocessor works, and greater the work output. Again this would be similar to beating the drum faster, resulting in the ship moving faster. It would be a fair question to ask at this point, why dont we just run our clock or drum as fast as we can, all the time? It is easy to see how rowing at a fast pace all the time wouldn't work. There are problems with high clock speeds in electronic circuits as well! The foremost of which is heat production, the higher the clock speed, the more the heat generated within the processor. So unless you have a system in place to cool the processor very quickly, excessively high clock speeds heat up the processor and can damage it.
It's official: ELI5 just got its 500,000th subscriber! Wow. Just wow. It's hard for me to believe how much this place has grown and changed in the last two years. We've gone from an idea in the back of /u/bossgalaga's mind (who was upset about the quality of the available explanations of the hot topic de jure du jour: the U.S. Debt Ceiling) all the way to the front page as a default subreddit. Along the way we smashed the record for fastest-growing community in reddit history, blazing through to 10,000 subscribers in just under five hours, shattering r/shutupandtakemymoney's previous record of one week. Not content to rest on our collective laurels, we went out and earned ourselves a place in r/weeklyreddit's list of the Top 25 New Subreddits of 2011 in the company of such illustrious companions as r/DepthHub, r/LifeProTips, r/GetMotivated, and the always esteemed r/NSFW_GIF. And we haven't stopped making the world a simpler place since, one question at a time. So here we are, a half million-member default subreddit on the front page of the front page of the internet. As you can see from our recent traffic stats, things are starting to change in a big way around here. Your modteam is working tirelessly to make sure that with all these changes, ELI5 stays true to its roots, taking difficult questions and breaking them down to give simple, layman-friendly answers. To that end, we recently added 9 new moderators to our team, doubling its size so that we can be sure to have eyes everywhere they're needed in the subreddit to keep posts and responses up to snuff. I'd like to take a moment to recognize them and thank them for all the help they've been already: /u/kouhoutek, /u/Al-Fayyad, /u/SecureThruObscure, /u/corpuscle634, /u/The_Editor, /u/LoveOfProfit, /u/saltyjohnson, /u/C47man, and /u/I_Cant_Log_Off. In addition, we're about to begin an overhaul of all our rules and procedures, including both community rules and internal mod rules (there have been some issues raised recently about mods overstepping their bounds which we want to ensure don't happen again). The mod team is going to work to rewrite the rules to make them clearer to follow and enforce and make them stricter or more lenient as the community wishes. Within the next 48 hours, we're going to be making an official post asking for your critiques and suggestions as to how to make this subreddit a better place more in line with its founding vision. Once again, thank you all for making this subreddit such a great place to work. Even after two years of moderating, I'm still finding new posts every day that surprise me and explanations that teach me something about the world that I didn't know before. It's been a wild ride so far; I can't wait to see what the next two years will bring. See you at a million, Dr_M, for the ELI5 Mod TeamPlease explain this post like I am 5 years old.A long time ago when you were little, someone got tired of hearing boring, complicated answers to questions that really didn't need them, so he created r/explainlikeimfive as a place for people to ask questions and know they'd always get really simple, easy answers back. A lot of people thought this was a good idea and it generally turned out to be a pretty cool thing. r/explainlikeimfive just had its 500,000th member join. Can you imagine that? 500,000 is a really big number, isn't it!?This is one hundred: ++++++++++ ++++++++++ ++++++++++ ++++++++++ ++++++++++ ++++++++++ ++++++++++ ++++++++++ ++++++++++ ++++++++++ Now, we'll have # be equal to those one hundred + signs.
Monsanto is a company that makes genetically modified seeds and crops. They go into the DNA of the seeds and make changes to the structure of them, to try and make them more reliable, less likely to have bugs in them and more likely to grow bigger. They are pretty controversial because of the way the company tries to protect what it sees as its copyright - the production of their seeds. Some farmers will reharvest seeds to use in the next year's crop, either by using the ones they have left over themselves or by sharing with other farms in their area. Since Monsanto can tell which seeds are theirs because of the science they used to change them, and since the company wants to make sure that the farmers buy their new seeds every year, they have sued some farmers for not following their rules. Even though some of the farmers never bought the Monsanto seeds in the first place and just got them from a grain elevator in their area or from some of the neighboring farms. There's a lot more to the science than I understand, but that was my best attempt to ELI5 it for you. A lot of farmers have owned their land for decades, keeping it in the family, and the thought that some company can tell them what they can do with their own crops and seeds has made some of them very angry. You might read this link or this one if you want to learn more.
I've noticed all the frequencies in my city end with .1, .3, .5, etc. I don't know if it's just Vancouver, but can someone please enlighten me as to why?An FM radio signal doesn't actually get transmitted on exactly one frequency. FM means frequency modulation. What that means is that the way the station sends the sound is by slightly varying the frequency of its signal. FM radio frequencies are measured in a unit called megahertz. It can vary the frequency by up to 0.1 megahertz, in either direction (higher or lower). So, a station at 106.1 megahertz is actually using frequencies anywhere from 106.0 megahertz up to 106.2 megahertz. That means that all the radio stations need to be put at least 0.2 megahertz apart to make sure they don't overlap. Why odd decimals instead of even ones? Well, that's just because the frequencies that are set aside for FM radio in North America are 88.0 megahertz up to 108.0 megahertz. That makes 88.1 megahertz the lowest station frequency, and then they go up by 0.2 from there.this gif from wikipedia really helped me visualize the different ways of transmitting a signal through Amplitude/Frequency modulation. thought it would fit well with your great explanation.
Sometimes something will jog my memory, but it'll cause a lot of other related memories to be released. For example, I was recently near my childhood home and saw an empty lot that was once a miniature golf course. Upon seeing it I vividly remembered going to a birthday party there when I was about 7 or 8. Not only could I remember the party, but I remembered the name of the boy whose birthday it was, what he looked like, the present I brought him, and I remembered a dumb joke I made when I showed up there. That sort of thing happens from time to time -- something will jog my memory, but I'll be able to remember a lot of other unrelated things. Sometimes when I see a movie, for instance, I'll be able to remember exactly where I was and who I was with the first time I saw the movie. Or other random memories will just pop into my head uninvited. So my question is this: Where and how are all those memories being stored in my brain? How can I have things that I'd not thought about for possibly decades come back to me with such clarity? Where have they been hiding all this time? Edit: Thank you everyone for all the answers! It makes a lot more sense now, even if the big answer was "we don't know". It's amazing being around for this part of history -- we're learning so much so fast. Who knows what we'll know or be able to do in 20 years. (Also I fixed a spelling error).This is an excellent question, because we do not know the answer. The question touches on some of the most complicated and important issues in modern neuroscience, like: What is consciousness? How does something become conscious? What makes a conscious entity non-conscious (not just unconscious, like sleeping, but if I destroyed parts of your brain, Nostromo, at what point would you cease to be a conscious person?) I am only a neuroscience undergrad, so obviously you should hope some better answers but I'll give it a shot: First: We only have good ideas on how the brain might store memories, Nostromo, we don't know for sure how it is done. First we lay down a couple terms: there are long, skinny cells in your body called neurons- think of these as giant pieces of string cheese (and indeed, if you ever get to take apart dead animal brains, you'll find that a lot of it does indeed come apart a bit like string cheese!). These strings connect to different parts of your brain, and they form webs as well, webs that transmit signals in between many different parts of your brain. When a string connects to another, different string, we call the place where it connects a 'synapse.' So, neuron and synapse. 1st hypothesis: Each neuron in your brain forms a new synapse with other neurons for each memory you make. This one is fun because if it were true, you could make a new memory by making a new synapse, or destroy a memory for good if you destroyed a synapse! This hypothesis probably isn't quite right, but it's a good starting point.
Please guys don't just say under threat of violence. I'm genuinely curious how him and his son were able to have such a way over these people - and how they got there in the first place.In very simplified terms. Korea was under Japanese rule from 1910-1945. Prior to that it was ruled by various Korean imperial dynasties. After 1945 the Japanese withdrew (a consequence of their defeat in WWII was that they lost their empire) At this time the cold war was just getting going and a united nations agreement was produced whereby Korea would be divided along the '38th parallel' (this remains the border between North and South today) with the North being administered by the soviet union and the south by the united states. The soviets established a civil administration in the North, designed to ensure loyalty to the USSR by 1948 the party apparatus of modern North Korea was established and Kim Il Sung was in power. The North Korean success in the Korean war http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Korean_War then provided an excellent opportunity for the leaders of North Korea to build and cement a national mythology around nationalism, their ideology and their cult of personality. His continuing high status within North Korea today can be accounted for by two main factors. The traditional respect accorded to authority figures and ancestors, once the emperor, now the 'dear and great leaders' which stems from
http://leedsonfinance.com/2012/07/25/understanding-the-libor-mess/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+leedsonfinance%2FRDoD+%28Leeds+on+Finance%29Your mom doesn't know what an appropriate allowance would be for you, so she makes a deal where she will call all your friends to find out what their allowances are. The two of you agree that she will throw out the two highest and the two lowest allowances that your friends report, and that the average of the rest will be your allowance. You get on the phone and call a bunch of your friends. You ask them to lie to your mom and say that they get two dollars a week MORE than what they actually get. This way, when your mom calls and does the math, you will get more allowance than you agreed on! WOOT! That's the LIBOR scandal in a nutshell. Your mom = The British Banker's Association. You and your friends = Various banks. Your friends' allowances = The rate each bank reports that it will be able to borrow money. Your allowance = The LIBOR rate (used kind of like Prime in the US). The only difference is that the bankers reported LOWER expected borrowing rates to keep the overall rate low.
I've read about a lot of cases involving cannibalism or VERY violent and gory behaviour.First we need to talk about what psychosis is. Psychosis is what happens to a person when they can't tell the difference between imaginary things and real things. There are lots of reasons why a person can suddenly experience psychosis. Sometimes people's brains are put together differently than other peoples and the things that sort and identify information get confused. Psychosis is sneaky. Since you can't tell reality from your imagination anymore, those dragons and wizards you have dreams about start showing up in places they shouldn't be... like the grocery store. Imagine if you were in the cereal aisle and Cap'n Crunch decided to jump off his cereal box and chase you around the store. It wouldn't REALLY happen, but you can make it happen in your imagination. Psychotic people can't turn their imagination off. Sometimes your imagination can show you things you don't want to see. If you're psychotic and your imagination keeps showing you bad things, sometimes you try to hurt those things to make them go away... but since they aren't there in the first place, you end up hurting the things that ARE there. What you imagine depends on who you are and what you have experienced.
Same goes for videos? --Edit-- I am blown away by the broad array of responses, sadly not all explanations correlate with one another. So I thougt I'd summarize the current explanations: The lens is round, but the sensor behind the lens is square. Lenses are round and the sensor doesn't absorb all the light(would also infer the sensor to be square) Lenses circular, because that way they are the easiest to manufacture. Square lenses don't focus light well, and circular film would be harder to make. The rectangular format was first chosen because what images used to be made on were sheets of glass coated with a film based post process and these were usually sold 8x10 It's easiest to make pictures rectangular if you are trying to fit as much film as you can into a roll. Because paper is square. I am seeing a lot of answers which could be true and some which make less sense to me. So, what is the ultimate truth?The lens is round, but the sensor behind the lens (or in olde, film) is square.ELI5 why it's round if the sensor is rectangular?Thread over. Thanks guys!What and where is the sensor? Is it a square thing behind the lens that cuts off the excess-circle behind it?Hardware and circuitry has to have an organized layout, or it would be much much much more extremely difficult to address the individual pixels of the sensor. Thus, the Sensor is square.
So, I get that you hit the ball and then run up and down. But I just don't get the rest. Like why does it last days? My family have tried to explain it to me but I think it needs to be explained to me in simpler terms.Since I actually play the game, I thought I'd explain the game from start to finish. Before there used to be two forms of the game, One-Day and Test, but now a third and shorter version has become more main stream called T-20. Each team consists of 11 players and there are two umpires on field during the game. The game is played in an oval field, with a strip of clay in the middle called the PITCH. This pitch is exactly 22 yards long. At both ends of the pitch, there are three sticks call STUMPS (or wickets) and two pieces of wood called bails that rest on top of the stumps. They are refered to as Leg Stump, Middle Stump and Off Stump depending on which hand the batsman bats with. Let's say right-handed batsman, the off-stump is the farthest away from his body, the one in the middle is middle stump and the closes to his body is leg stump. For lefthanders, the order is reversed. There is a line draw about yard and half from the stumps at both and end this called a CREASE. Before the game starts, there will coin toss and the winning captain of the team will decide to BAT or BOWL. BATTING Once it's determined who will bat first, the team will sent two players in the middle on the pitch. You will seem them wearing leg pads (on the outside), Thigh Pad (inside their pants), elbow pads, abdomen guard (cup), a helment, gloves and of course, the cricket bat. The ball that the official game is played will has four seam going down the middle and is made of leather. The inside of the ball has a small wooden sphere and layer of strings.
I've been reading some about them today and am totally fascinated. I realize that a bigger brain doesn't necessarily reflect a higher intellectual capability, but they obviously kept up with us for quite some time. What happened to these guys, and why didn't it happen to us?I realize that a bigger brain doesn't necessarily reflect a higher intellectual capability, Basically this is the main point. It looks like they didn't make the same advances we did, and eventually we took over territory and food from them. What happened to them is us, so the same thing didn't happen to us because there wasn't another species more advanced and able to out-perform us. There is also evidence that there was inter-breeding between them and us, so they were also partially absorbed in that way.A potential cause is their tool usage. For example, there's these better more efficient tools that homo sapiens was using, but neanderthal didn't adopt them. They kept using their older tools, even though they were being out produced. There's an example of the reverse happening too when homo sapiens first arrived in Europe. They saw that neanderthal was using better tools and quickly adopted them.
Since technology has improved over the last several decades, shouldn't modern guitars sound better as well? I understand the concept of limited supply = higher prices but that doesn't explain why so many people claim that their guitars from the 60s or 70s have a superior tone to their modern counterparts (Les Pauls, Stratocasters, White Falcons, etc).At least with certain manufacturers, build quality was better in certain eras. Les Pauls, for example, weren't cranked out in 1959 to the degree they are now. Less focus on mass production = more interest in making a quality product. Many argue, for example, that "pre-CBS" Fender products are suprerior to those built after the CBS takeover, same as with the "Norlin" era Gibson products. I still think it's absurd what some people will pay for a '59 Les Paul, though, cool as it would be to own one. You could own a hand-built, custom made guitar for a fraction of the price you'd pay for one of those and have a truly unique instrument.I'd rather have a brand new custom built to my specs than a vintage axe, being totally honest. Vintage amps are where its at!
Having recently entered the job market, I see a lot of smaller companies offering unpaid internships for the "valuable hands-on experience" that they provide. I think people get "valuable hands-on experience" at paid jobs too, so why is it considered acceptable to hire college kids and make them do work without paying them? I'm not saying I should be paid the same as someone who's been in the industry for 5 years, but surely minimum wage laws should apply?Some of them are are either ignorant of the FLSA (Fair Labor Standards Act, a federal law) or decide to actively ignore it because they don't think people will compain. In order for an unpaid internship to be exempt from minimum wage laws, all of the following have to be true: The internship has to be similar to the type of training you would get at a vocational school. The internship has to be for your benefit (not necessarily for the benefit of the company, more on that next). Your employer can't get any immediate advantage from having you there. In fact, the opposite may sometimes be true. Having you there could be a disadvantage to the company. You can't "take the job" of somebody that they would normally have to pay. You actually have to work under the close observation of a paid staffer. You aren't necessarily promised a job at the end of your internship. Both you and the employer both understand that you aren't being paid (seems pretty straight forward). So, if all of those are true, then the company isn't violating the Fair Labor Standards Act and don't have to pay you. It is a little different for non-profit organizations because people can volunteer for them.
Why do random people get busted for having weed, but these celebrities will have pictures and videos of them smoking a lot of it but the police don't search them. If it is a crime, shouldn't it be enforced?Many times they do get caught, there are many drug/celebrity stories. The thing about weed however, is that it's so low-key it's not even really an issue. It's also state-dependant in America: In many states (such as New York off the top of my head) cannabis is decriminlized, meaning that you can carry a small amount around with you without getting arrested. There's also an element of privacy and indiscretion; these people are committing a small crime by possessing the illegal drug, but at the same time that doesn't constitute grounds for a search/arrest warrant. These celebrities could claim it was a legal herb they were smoking such as tobacco. Also, as nightspy said: Money. Even if they did arrest these celebrities, they have enough money that any lawyer they hire would be able to dig them out straight away. In short: It's not worth going after celebrities who openly get high off that sticky icky icky, financially and otherwise.
I have very little experience with guns, and wondering how they actually silence the bullet. And how much quieter does it actually make the gun?Often in a movie, you’ll see a villain screw a "silencer" onto his pistol before shooting the hero’s loved one. What exactly is a silencer, and how is it different from a suppressor? In short, there is no such thing as a "silencer." The term was invented in Hollywood, and is not a proper term, per se, although when it comes to legal terms (such as in the National Firearms Act of 1934), a silencer is the same thing as a suppressor. But in reality, "silencer" is simply the popular term for a suppressor. Alright then, what’s a suppressor? Well, a suppressor is any device which helps to muffle the report of a firearm when it is fired. When a firearm is fired, a small amount of gunpowder is exploded in order to propel the bullet down the barrel of the firearm. When this explosion reaches the muzzle of the weapon, it expands rapidly, making a loud report. The exact sound of the report varies from weapon to weapon, and its intensity depends on a number of things regarding the design of the muzzle, the absence or presence of a muzzle break or a flash suppressor and so forth. However, from my HK-91, the muzzle blast is powerful enough to be felt in your teeth. It’s strong. In certain situations, this powerful muzzle blast can be detrimental. If a special operations team is trying to covertly enter a secure area, having a very loud weapon can be a disadvantage. This is where the suppressor comes in.
Long hair is considered feminine for a few reasons. One of the most common things you'll hear is that soldiers cut their hair short so that an enemy soldier can't grab it. It is also very difficult to fit long hair under a helmet properly, and if you don't have access to a comb because you're out hunting, it turns into a big twig-filled snarly mess. I'm sure there are some girlscouts in here who feel my pain. Another reason is that long hair used to be associated with your sexuality. Long, well maintained hair takes good nutrition and genes, both of which are important when you're picking out a mate, even if you do it unconsciously. The way hair flows around your shoulders accentuates hip and breast curves, as well.I believe it's fertility as well. Since grey hair is an obvious sign of old age, displaying long non-grey hair is a clear signal that a woman is young and thus most likely capable of bearing children.Not that I totally disagree with your second point but almost all theories of evolution and sexual selection posit that the female typically chooses the mate (I know that sounds a bit funny when talking about humans). At the very least it's symmetric and you would expect men nd woman to grow long hair
I've never actually seen the show but reddit seems to love him and I want to know why EDIT: Thank you all! The combination of personal stories, comments and videos makes me feel like I've know Fred Rogers my whole life. The positivity that is emanating from this thread is really uplifting, its great to know that this guy did such great things. Its especially great to know that this was his real self and not just his television personality.Because he was genuine, guileless, and truly cared about people. Here is one of my favorite Mr. Rogers stories: Once, on a fancy trip up to a PBS exec’s house, he heard the limo driver was going to wait outside for 2 hours, so he insisted the driver come in and join them (which flustered the host). On the way back, Rogers sat up front, and when he learned that they were passing the driver’s home on the way, he asked if they could stop in to meet his family. According to the driver, it was one of the best nights of his life—the house supposedly lit up when Rogers arrived, and he played jazz piano and bantered with them late into the night. Further, like with the reporters, Rogers sent him notes and kept in touch with the driver for the rest of his life.This is one of my favorite stories: Mister Rogers went onstage to accept the award — and there, in front of all the soap opera stars and talk show sinceratrons, in front of all the jutting man-tanned jaws and jutting saltwater bosoms, he made his small bow and said into the microphone, "All of us have special ones who have loved us into being. Would you just take, along with me, ten seconds to think of the people who have helped you become who you are. Ten seconds of silence." And then he lifted his wrist, looked at the audience, looked at his watch, and said, "I'll watch the time." There was, at first, a small whoop from the crowd, a giddy, strangled hiccup of laughter, as people realized that he wasn't kidding, that Mister Rogers was not some convenient eunuch, but rather a man, an authority figure who actually expected them to do what he asked. And so they did. One second, two seconds, three seconds — and now the jaws clenched, and the bosoms heaved, and the mascara ran, and the tears fell upon the beglittered gathering like rain leaking down a crystal chandelier. And Mister Rogers finally looked up from his watch and said softly "May God be with you," to all his vanquished children.
Today, a bus crashed in Missouri, injuring several kids. That got me thinking about this: seatbelts prevent so many injuries in regular car and truck crashes. Why would the law in most U.S. states not require seatbelts in vehicles carrying the "most precious cargo"?Despite the odd incident, school buses are really safe. Like, really, really safe. On average 11 children die / year in school bus accidents according to The Straight Dope and only 6 per year according to some article that's using the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration as a source. That's for 24 million children being transported more than 4.3 billion miles a year, according to that article. That and kids just aren't good at wearing seat belts. They slouch, or sit sideways, or have their legs up and whatever else. All those things mean that the seat belts would probably be worse that not wearing one at all. Considering the weight of a bus and the fact that they're more likely to run through anything they hit, it's best if children don't actually wear seat belts. So, the expense needed to install seat belts in school buses and the barely marginal increase in safety doesn't justify installing them. Even so, California and Texas requires lap-shoulder belts on new buses and New York, New Jersey and Florida require lap belts. Edit: Some people are checking in from some states I mentioned, but not all of them have seatbelts. So much for that article I got the info from. Maybe the rules have changed recently?
I have always wondered this. Thank you in advance. Also answer's for other languages would be awesome too!Using pinyin and software such as Google Pinyin IME. For instance to type "I am American" in chinese, I type woshimeiguoren, then this comes out: 我是美国人. Each syllable corresponds to many characters. For instance shi could mean 是（Shì, to be）, 市 （Shí，city）, or 十（Shí，ten）. This is because Chinese is a tonal language, words could mean different things based on how it's pronounced, and there are many homophones. Because of this the pinyin input programs have to predict what you are trying to say (and let you correct them if they are wrong), I am not sure how they do this exactly, but it involves very complicated algorithms that work very well. So when I typed woshimeiguoren, 我是美国人 came up because many people have said that phrase before and it is grammatically correct. 窝十没过任 could also be woshimeiguoren, but not many people have said "nest ten not cross office". There are lots of Chinese puns because of this. 肏你妈 (Cào nǐ mā) means fuck your mother, but when you use Google pinyin IME (as well as others) and type caonima, 草泥马 （Cǎo ní mǎ） comes up, which means "Grass mud horse". As the Chinese internet is censored, obscene phrases get banned, so people on the Chinese internet began to discuss the alpaca-like creature that the government doesn't want you to know about, and it has become a symbol against censorship.
[deleted]As far as I know, people don't actually know why this happens yet! At first that seems surprising, but really there are all kinds of things we don't know yet about the human body. It took millions of years of evolution to get us here, and we've only been studying it for maybe a couple thousand - there are still a lot of puzzles left to solve. That said, people have made a few guesses, mostly by trying to find other things that make these kinds of sounds - such as crying babies, or even some kinds of monkeys. But scientists haven't come to a good agreement on these guesses yet though. People haven't spent much time working on answers to this question yet, so these guesses may be way off the mark. And in fact, most of this work was only done very recently - in the last five to ten years or so. Personally, my favorite explanation has to do with our teeth (I've marked the important bits in bold): The answer came to me like a blinding flash. I was eating something at a picnic and I dropped it on the ground. I wiped it off and continued eating. (Oh, you do SO do it too!) As I was chewing, suddenly I heard SKKKKEEEEEERRRCH!!!!! ...as I bit down hard on a tiny stone. I think every single hair on my body stood on end, and my jaws froze instantly.
A single currency allows for more efficient trade, but removes monetary policy from the individual nations and gives it to the bank of the entire EuroZone. As everyone is using and borrowing the same currency, when some countries cough Greece cough lie about their finances to get in and then do a terrible job on their own economy, it hurts their currency which is also the currency of everyone else in the Eurozone. This makes it harder for other countries to borrow money, which hurts their economies, and makes it even HARDER for the others (and those initial countries) to borrow money, etc. etc.My professor used to work for the Greek government and he had told us that when Greece joined the euro, Greece didn't fulfill any of the criteria; that they made up the numbers and that the EU knew. He also told us that if this became public we would be at great loss, not just for Greece but for EU too. Now that was back in 2006 if I remember correctly. I honestly thought that it was a rumour but when the crisis hit I realised he was telling the truth.
Hi Reddit! I've a number of questions about American life that Google doesn't seem to be able to answer without confusing me or contradicting itself. So I thought here was the best place. They're mostly about medical stuff, although there's a couple of other things in there. Thanks in advance :) If you take a trip in an emergency ambulance, who pays for it and who provides it? If somebody collapsed on the street with no ID and it was a medical emergency, would a hospital treat them? Who would pay if they had no medical insurance? How much is medical insurance? Can you get different levels for cover like you can with cars? (e.g., "We'll treat you for everything except cancer") Is it true that people have thought twice about performing first aid such as CPR on people they don't know just in case they get sued? Why do some people have a problem with government providing healthcare when they don't object to it providing schools? (This isn't a rhetorical question, I'm genuinely interested) Is High School (especially late high school) like it is in the movies? Lots of cliques who don't mix, parties at big houses, bullies, well-equipped classrooms etc? The President gets all the attention (at least from outside) but it seems like the individual states make most of the laws. Which has more power, the federal government or an individual state? Can a state decide not to implement a certain national law, or implement it in a different way?Depends on your insurance, if you have any. My insurance covers all ambulance trips. My friend, uninsured, took a ambulance trip and got stuck with the bill. Yes. They would be charged for the trip unless they had no ID at all and were an amnesiac, then the hospital would be stuck with the bill Depends on many factors. It ranges from free to hundreds of dollars per month depending on your job or lack of job, if you have kids, etc. Maybe, but I suspect that kind of story is blown out of proportion. Many times those people DO have a problem with it providing schools. They don't want to pay the property taxes for public schooling and would prefer private schools. Also, it is believed (perhaps correctly) that public health care is far more expensive than public education. It was for me and I attended a small to mid-sized school in the midwest. We were actually kinda thought of in terms of "A crowd, B crowd, C crowd" and for the most part didn't mix. The A crowd had the parties that were supposedly legendary. I was in the "B crowd". The president gets the media attention because he's a celebrity. It depends on the law. U.S. states are sovereign entities, free to make its own laws as long as it doesn't contradict with the Constitution. For example, in my state gay people are free to marry, there is no capital punishment, and you can carry a gun on you. A State can NOT override the Constitution and, say, legalize slavery. There is some murky water here and you should read up on it for further info.
There are a lot of different components to a CPU. One component is an AND gate. An AND gate will take in 2 boolean values (boolean values are either true or false) and spit out true if both values are true and false otherwise. On a standard CPU, AND gates are incredibly small, but they don't have to be small. Instead of some transistors, we could simulate an AND gate with 3 buckets, some string and a stick. One bucket we place on the stick in a kind of precarious position. The other 2 buckets are placed above the first bucket. There is also a string connected to the top 2 buckets that will (when pulled) tilt their contents into the first bucket. If the first bucket gets enough water in it, then it will tip over spilling the water on ourselves. We then ask a question like "Is the left top bucket filled AND the right top bucket filled?", then we pull on the string. If both buckets have water in them, the bottom bucket will tip over and we will get wet. If only 1 or the other bucket is filled, not enough water will make it into the bottom bucket, and we won't get wet. If neither bucket is filled of course nothing will happen. So we've made an AND gate with cascading water. Again, we didn't have to use water. We could have used any predictable mechanical process.
In the UK, that's the way it's been since the Criminal Justice Act 1925 came into force and banned photography, and really the reason it's still like that is because no one has bothered changing it. The Government published their "Proposals to allow the broadcasting, filming, and recording of selected court proceedings" last year. Their own proposal lists three disadvantages of allowing filming: The cost to broadcasters The cost to the court Research from other countries, showing that many witnesses would be less happy to testify if proceedings were filmed, and many people would worry that filming a trial reduced the chances of the trial being fair. But it makes a very good case for why filming should be allowed.I think the last point you made is important and should be considered weightily when discoursing of cameras in the courtroom: "Research from other countries, showing that many witnesses would be less happy to testify if proceedings were filmed, and many people would worry that filming a trial reduced the chances of the trial being fair." Just wanted to reiterate this.
Places like the former USSR, North Korea, China, Cuba, North Korea, etc. are for the most part, are oppressive societies with power and wealth concentrated in the hands of a few. Communist philosophy, from what I understand, talks a lot about the excesses and greed associated with capitalism. Yet these "communist" countries usually end up the exact opposite of what communism intended. How can they still call themselves communist?Say you are in a group of 100 people. Essentially, they all agree that you should be in charge of how much they eat and what they eat. Now, you could buy them all steaks, marinate that shit, grill it up amazing and BAM they all love you! Cost: $10 per person for a total of $1,000 (just for round numbers). On the other hand, you could buy ONE steak, you have an awesome meal when they can't see you and buy for them a packet of Ramen noodles while saying "these are tough times and we must all dig deep to give for our long term good!" Cost: $10 for 1 steak, about $0.25 per packet of noodles for $249.75 for total of $259.75. As long as the rest of the group doesn't see you eating steak, you keep saving money for yourself. Now, the countries you mentioned have a history of social brainwashing to make sure everyone in the country KNOWS that this is the way things need to be for everyone's good. Unless the entire group finds out they are being lied to, it's very tough to break that kind of view.Thanks for the only EIL5 answer here.
I mean, it's obviously about sex but I'be never heard the whole story. Could someone please explain it to me?According to tradition, the birds and the bees is a metaphorical story sometimes told to children in an attempt to explain the mechanics and good consequences of sexual intercourse through reference to easily observed natural events. For instance, bees carry and deposit pollen into flowers, a visible and easy-to-explain example of male fertilisation. Another example, birds lay eggs, a similarly visible and easy-to-explain example of female ovulation. from wiki...that was actually pretty informative... I was given the whole "sex makes children" in a class setting in grade 5. Watched porn as i got older and learned more about sex through the internet (early data mining from an inquisitive young mind), and what i got from TV and social interaction. by the time my dad was ready to sit down and give me the talk, i was already i interrupted him with ...so birds bees and sex right?...yup i'll be careful and use protection don't worry. i don't want to screw up my future by having a child to early.
As a kid, I never felt this, yet many others did. Why is this?because they are teased about it.And not just by other kids but by adults. It makes it almost impossible to have a friendship with a member of the opposite sex without adults calling them your "little girlfriend" or "little boyfriend" and teasing (which comes across feeling a whole hell of a lot more like being made fun of) that you like them and think they are cute even though that's not the case at all and just wanted to be friends. It's embarrassing and annoying and the only way to avoid it ends up being to limit your social interaction to those of the same sex. I HATED this, absolutely HATED this as a kid, and it made me feel so, well, bad. The adults were all having a laugh at my expense because I made a friend and they just wouldn't stop. It would make me run away and cry. It's terrible and I desperately want to slap the shit out of anyone I see doing this to a kid. ...wow, I've been holding that in since childhood. EDIT: left out a few words.This is my favorite answer and the one I find the most convincing. Then again, I was not actually grossed out by boys as a kid, but I sure like I was.
I'm trying to teach myself math as an adult after avoiding it in college and being "afraid" of it in high school. When reading about various topics in math (just to get a rudimentary sense of what's out there), prime numbers come up frequently. I understand the definition of prime numbers, but I don't get why are so important to find or why mathematicians are concerned with investigating their properties. ELI5 question because the explanations I find online are dense with number theory terms.I'm no mathematician, but then again I doubt a five year-old is looking for a mathematician's answer ;) Anyway, and assuming that the five year-old does actually know what a prime number is: Prime numbers are special. Seven is a prime number, but six isn't, as you know. But why should seven be more special than six? Well, for one thing a six is just two threes, or three twos. So anything you can use six for you can also use a combination of threes and twos for. Try do that with seven... and you can't, there's no numbers you can multiply together to make seven ("But what about seven times one?" you might ask, and I'd say "Yes, but that seven is what we're trying to make. You can't make it out of itself.") That's the difference between prime numbers and other, we call them composite, numbers - you can make composite numbers out of prime numbers by multiplying, but you can't make prime numbers like that at all. In a nutshell, prime numbers are the numbers that all the other numbers are made of. That makes them pretty special, useful, and interesting.
There are many types of headaches. I can explain the type caused by a hangover pretty easily... When you're hung over from drinking too much alcohol, your body is dehydrated, so this means your brain, which is filled with a lot of water, is going to shrink a bit. We have a sensitive layer of protection around our brain just under the skull, actually made up of 3 layers, called the meninges. When your brain shrinks a bit from water loss, it pulls inward on this membrane and the nerves inside of it and hence the tension/pressure causes a headache. Some other types of headaches, like said below, are caused by inflammation when blood vessels dilate and put pressure on nerves in the head. This is why headaches can be a pulsating, throbbing pain, because you feel this pressure each time the heart beats. Migraines and cluster headaches are often a whole different story, and the cause of some of them is still unknown. These very painful headaches can be treated with verapamil, for example, which is a medication that lowers your blood pressure. This explains how some of these headaches are caused by inflammation. Lower blood pressure = less pressure by inflammation on nerve cells.
EDIT: Tried posting this to r/askscience, but apparently it got caught in the spam filter. Because obviously, as somebody who's never posted a submission in r/askscience before, there was reason to believe I was going to start spamming links for knockoff jackets /eyeroll. Here's somehacker's link which was successful: http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/q6crn/why_do_we_perceive_time_as_moving_at_a_particular/ Unfortunately it looks like everybody is considering the question in terms of reaction time rather than actual perception of time.You should go to r/askscience with this because I really want to hear some good answers.As Requested. http://www.reddit.com/r/askscience/comments/q6crn/why_do_we_perceive_time_as_moving_at_a_particular/I've always wondered what time felt like to insects that live their entire lives in the course of 24 hours. To be born, reproduce, and die, all within a day. Do they enjoy their lives? Or do they not realize other creatures get longer to live because they have no way to perceive that reality?They're not even self-aware. If they don't even realize that they exist, it's safe to assume that they're not going to wonder about the lifespans of other organisms, let alone themselves.
It doesn't. There have been lots of studies on this, and - in all of them - the results show that people actually don't know they're being watched at all. They only get it right about 50% of the time: exactly what random chance predicts. The "feeling" you get, though, can partially be explained in an evolutionary sense. We humans only have eyes on the front of our head, which means we always have a 'weak spot' behind us. It makes sense for us to be nervous about that area, since predators could be lurking there. Even if it turns out to be a false-alarm, it's still an evolutionary advantage to double-check, so it would be considered beneficial. Interestingly, the act of 'checking behind you', often makes people look at you (because they've detected an odd head/body movement). When you make eye-contact, you then interpret this as meaning "Aha! You were watching me!" and it becomes a form of confirmation bias.Thank you very much ! I'd always been skeptical about the subject, and your explanation was 100% awesome.
And why does it wake up earlier than I do edit: answered http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D1et5NgT6bQ thanks guys edit 2: this has turned into most amazing grouping of anonymous boner talk i have ever had...touche redditorsThe penis gets erect from blood flowing into it. During the day, the blood vessels constrict and don't allow a lot of blood down there, unless you start getting aroused or are a prepubescent boy (no reason boners). While you are sleeping your body is in a restful place, and blood flows a lot more freely. It allows your penis to get erect while sleeping, then when we wake up we notice it. It doesn't happen all the time, and if it happens longer than four hours, call more ladies. Edit: wow, my most upvoted comment is about morning wood, great.Best answer so farEr, you don't really need to be prepubescent to get no reason boners, right? I should make a throwaway for comments like this.Just a slight correction. "No reason boners" actually occur for a reason. Its just a biological checking mechanism that insures everything is working as intended and it wont let you "down" during (future) sexytimes
Logic would dictate that the longer you sleep the better you would feel. Why is it, then, that if I sleep longer than 8 hours each night I'm groggy the rest of the day? Thanks in advanceOkay, maybe explain to me like I'm 3, because to me none of these answers have helped me understand OPs question. Why are we groggy with too much sleep?It's because your brain sleeps like this: (1) buying a ticket to SLEEPLAND, THEME PARK OF SLEEP (10~20 minutes) (2) soil pants/change shorts/psych yourself up and get ready for the roller coaster (30 minutes) (3) line up for the very cool roller coaster (30 minutes) (4) RIDE THAT AWESOME ROLLER COASTER WOOOOOO (10 minutes) Repeat (2) to (4) until departing SLEEPLAND, THEME PARK OF SLEEP. It doesn't matter how many times your brain rides that roller coaster, if your brain goes through the process of convincing itself that it's (2) not a pussy and (3) lining back up again, your brain is going to want to get on that damn coaster. Waking up groggy is basically depriving your brain from riding that awesome roller coaster. Staying in SLEEPLAND, THEME PARK OF SLEEP longer (sleeping more) doesn't mean squat unless you get on that roller coaster.
Thanks!Like you're five, eh 5th Grade... Imagine you are a student in a 5th grade class. One day you stumble across the journal sitting open on the floor of another student named Johnny. In this journal you read that Johnny admits to stealing small amounts of everyone's lunch money while everyone is out during recess. He gives all the detail on how he just steals enough change that no one ever notices, and that he even uses that money to buy apples for the teachers to suck up to them. Johnny has been stealing lunch money from the other students, you have proof, so what should you do? Should you go to the teacher or principal? No! You can't because Johnny is loved by all the teachers because he always sucks up to them with little gifts. Gifts that he buys with the lunch money he steals from the other students. If you go to a teacher, you risk being called a tattle-tale. You might even be punished by staying after school. Should you tell your friends? No! Everyone is friends with Johnny, and likes him. If word got around that you were spreading rumors about him, it will probably get to him. Now, you'd have Johnny and his friends pushing you around during recess. Also, your friends may lose trust in you because you looked through Johnny's stuff.
[deleted]The Gay Right issue is not about being married in a religious sense but a legal one, the debate is over if the government should recognize homosexual couples and give them the same legal benefits that heterosexual couples have.give them the same legal benefits Why do married people get legal benefits that unmarried people don't? Isn't that marital status discrimination?This is the correct answer, and should be interpreted as "it really doens't make any sense, no matter how old you are." The "freedom of religion" clause is used to justify religious oppression of minorities, and it will never make any sense, no matter how well it is explained.I have to disagree with you here. I have had plenty of arguments with gay marriage supporters where i have conceded that they should be allowed something akin to a civil union and afforded all the legal rights and protections a heterosexual couple have. They in turn have bashed me as a bigot and said that it must be marriage. Nothing else will do. we must change the definition of marriage to accommodate same sex couples.
I've always been interested in anime, but I never understood why most anime characters look like this but not this Can someone explain to me the stylistic choices that cause this? EDIT: Wow, I didn't expect this topic to be so big. I suppose I should have been more clear in my original question, the main reason that anime characters appeared white to me was because of their skin color. Now, I'm not trying to insinuate that all people from Asia have to be the color of Filipinos or Indonesians, merely that my perception was one of uncertainty. Thanks to the excellent video posted by TurbulentTurtle, I have a much better sense of this. Westerners are conditioned to view race more by skin color as opposed to facial structure, which is the general model for anime character design, and not skin color. I guess this whole question and the thread that follows simply goes to show how diverse the representations of popular culture really are.In Japan it is taken for granted that most anime characters (unless otherwise stated) are Japanese. As far as why they have big, round eyes, the answer is that most anime as we know it is influenced by the work of one man. Osamu Tezuka who is known as the "father of anime," kind of the Walt Disney of anime in a way. And, actually, as a kid Tezuka was inspired by Disney's early works like Steamboat Willie and Fleischer's Betty Boop. So, when he began drawing, to him the big round faces and round eyes were just a characteristic of cartoon characters in general, those things were not meant to be a comment on ethnicity. They still are not. As far as hair/eye color. Well, a lot of Japanese people have brown hair rather than black, and lots lighten their hair. Otherwise, I think that it's just done to make things interesting.Yea, most people don't realize it, but the whole "big eyes" thing was started with Walt Disney. I mean Mickey Mouse? Donald Duck? Those guys have some giant eyes. Everyone always associates it with anime though :|
I'm having difficulty conceptualizing how computers "read" binary code, and translate into useful and understandable information. ELI5?A lot of these posts are on the basics of binary. I'm going to assume you also want to know the second part of your question. First, encoding. Encoding is assigning a binary value to something. In akihiko's example, all on is encoded to 111. Decoding is taking this value apart, like "the first 1 means the lights are off." Now, text. The standard is ASCII(ask-ee). ASCII encoding assigns a ton of standard characters to an 8-bit number. ASCIItable.com shows each character and its ASCII value. In ASCII encoding: Hello World! translates to 010010000110010101101100011011000110111100100000010101110110111101110010011011000110010000100001 If you break apart each group of 8 bits and use the table, you can convert back to "Hello World!" Any .txt file is just a stream of binary numbers like the example above. There are also several other encoding schemes like Unicode that are beyond the scope of ELI5.
The way devices like routers are constructed relies on a design called a state machine. All a state machine does is switch between states. Each state performs an action (like sending your request for a website), decides what state it should go to next, and then goes to that next state which follows the same procedure. This sort of system is easy to design, easy to modify, and easy to scale. The problem is that things do go wrong for many different reasons, and it is possible for the router to enter a state where it should not have gone. Once its in this state, it doesn't have any actions to perform, or logic for deciding where to go next. So it just gets stuck there, doing nothing, unable to reset itself. By unplugging/resetting the router, you are forcing it back into a state where it knows what to do, thus resolving the problem. A good design has error correction built in. In these designs, when the router enters a "bad state" it is instructed to reset itself, and for the most part you would never even know it occurred. That being said, these designs cost more money to build and test. Since manually resetting a router isn't as big a deal on a home network as it is on a corporate network, they can make the home routers cheaper (in both senses of the word). It's a trade off.
Not trying to troll. That part always bugged me in the movie and I haven't read the books.The movie misleads you. In the real story, Isildur got the ring only after Sauron was defeated. His physical form, the body/form he was wearing, was effectively "killed", and that's what banished him from doing anything in Middle Earth for a long time. By the late third age, he had recovered and returned in a new form, but he still lacked a large portion of his former power because that power was in the ring which was not in his possession. But he was still quite powerful, and he had been rebuilding his old alliances and collecting a vast army in addition. Plus, he had nine Nazgul - wearers of the nine rings for men - as his lieutenants. And the ring was trying to return to him, and it wasn't that unlikely that it would succeed. Defeating him the first time was very hard. It wasn't simply cutting off a finger like it appears in the movie. It certainly wasn't a foregone conclusion; he could have won that war. He lost that time, but that didn't mean he couldn't win this time. Edit: BTW, the ring is actually why he wasn't fully defeated in the first war. Because it contained a significant portion of his power, while it remained intact he couldn't be fully destroyed. Because Isildur kept the ring intact, Sauron was able to continue to exist formlessly for a while, and eventually slowly rebuild his strength.
I couldn't give him an answer other than explaining that talking like that (typical gay guy voice) doesn't mean he's gay etc. etc. But it got me thinking, why do a lot of gay people talk in the same style of voice?Disclaimer: I'm a gay guy. It's been postulated that homosexuality is a result of hormone imbalances in the womb, which becomes increasingly more prevalent if the mother has already had one or more sons. Source. This is an old article, so I'm not sure how relevant it is today. If this is true, then that may be a reason for why some gay guys sound more effeminate. Another reason is that some gay guys, when they come out, feel the need to "prove" their homosexuality. I don't understand this phenomenon, I don't think I've changed at all after I came out, but some guys definitely do this. This leads to perpetuating stereotypes, and "gay voice" is one of them. I've heard guys be extremely loud and obnoxious and flamboyant, and then in a more chill environment, they're more relaxed and masculine.Well then as a straight guy, thanks for not taking this the wrong way, I didn't quite know how to phrase the title to make it seem like I'm not being some bigot. Interesting answer.
[deleted]I think that calling Europe more "liberal" than America a gross oversimplification. The US is a huge country with many different cultures. Compare a liberal area like San Fransisco to a more conservative area (like Utah, maybe?) Then think about the fact that Europe is a whole continent with more than twice the population of the US. My home country of Norway is just as different from Albania as San Fransisco is to Suriname. But I can try to explain the difference between Norway and my perception of the US if you like. Economy: First of all, Norway is not more liberal than the US when it comes to economy. We have rigid regulations and in my perceprion much more government follow-up on those regulations. Starting new businesses is a hassle and you don't need more than a few hundred thousand dollars in turnover before your accounting needs to be done by a certified public accountant. There is a huge bureocracy in place for just about everything and the government has it's say in surprisingly many aspects of the daily runnings of the business. This is a double edged sword, because this means that large business doesn't get free hands, while small business still need to think about things like centralized wage negotiations.
Ok. There are a few misconceptions here, lets get this ironed out one by one: In the US there are two primary cellular technology families: 'CDMA': IS-95, cdma2000, EV-DO 'GSM': GSM, UMTS, HSPA, LTE These technologies are completely incompatible from an air-interface perspective (and the core networks are different, but that is another discussion), which is relevant here. This means your Verizon (CDMA) phone cannot place an emergency call on an AT&T (GSM) network. *There is an exception, however. Some new phones have chipsets that support both GSM and CDMA technologies, for example I know a verizon Galaxy S3 can communicate with GSM networks. But up until not that long ago this was very uncommon. 2. When your phone is in an idle state, it is constantly tracking cells in the area that it might be able to connect to. It can distinguish between cells that are part of its network, and those that are not, and will prefer cells on its home network. If a phone only sees one home network cell, it is likely to track other cells on other networks, so as to best provide service.
I just don't get it. I have tried to read up on it but it makes no sense to me.My understanding is that it's sort of like putting a deflated balloon inside a t-shirt and then blowing it up while it's inside, expanding the shirt. He would transfer $6k worth of preferred shares of a company into his IRA. These shares, which were super-special and only given to certain employees, would proceed to deliberately explode in value within the account, thus making the account worth millions. I'm sure someone out there can explain it much better.Right, the $5k cap is for contributions per year ($6k for catch-up contributions). I'm not sure if he put preferred shares in the account directly or not (versus putting cash in the account and buying private shares in his company with it), but you've got the basic idea down. Think about it as if you were an early investor in a high-growth company like Apple. You could invest $5000 in Apple in the 1980s and have over $1 million in your IRA even if you never contributed another dollar. This is just on a larger growth scale but same general idea. I know that wasn't written for a 5 year old, but hopefully still understandable for most people here.
This is a stretch, but here goes. Imagine you are at a your school. Now imagine that there is another kindergarten room, and nobody is allowed in there except that class of kindergarteners and their teacher. The teacher (Kim Jong Il) tells his students that he is the best teacher ever, and all the other classes (western countries) are teaching wrong things, and all the other teachers and students are evil. The principal (China) lets this one teacher get away with all of this as long as the teacher makes everything look ok, and keeps the kids in his room. Sometimes kids try to leave the room, but the principal quietly ushers them back to their room, where they are never seen or heard from again. The rest of the school knows that there are many bad things happening in this room, but can't do anything about it because the principal is protecting them. Now imagine that the teacher dies, and leaves one of his students in charge. The student isn't known very well at all to the rest of the school outside the classroom, just that he might have been playing with some fireworks last year.
If you're serving a life sentence, then you're incarcerated for the entirety of your lifetime so what is the point of sentencing sometime to two life sentences? Is it just for effect? Is there any practical reason for it?This can happen when there are multiple counts of a serious crime involved. If some of the counts happen to be overturned on an appeal, the sentence will still be life imprisonment due to the other counts.Threadjack: Is this the same thinking behind lesser simultaneous sentences? I read about a guy who got two 6-year sentences of equal length for two separate and unrelated incidents, one for assault and one for a sex crime (not sure why they were in the same case/sentence). The judge said he could serve them simultaneously. If I were either victim or their family I'd be pissed. Why shouldn't he serve 12 years?I feel sorry for the guy's cellmate. You figure he'd start to stink after the first life sentence was up.Can't you also get off one life sentence with good behavior? The second life sentence insures that won't happen.
The amplitude (volume, kinda) of the signal coming directly out of your car's radio, CD player, etc. isn't strong enough to drive much sound out of your car's speakers directly. First it has to be sent to an amplifier to take the relatively weak signal and increase it. That stronger signal out of the amp is what goes to the speakers. The amount of amplification is variable...it is determined by your volume knob's setting. In the past, when you turned your volume knob it turned a variable resistor in an analog circuit that made your amplifier do more or less increasing of that weak signal into a stronger one. On a lot of newer units, the volume knob changes sends pulses that are counted by a digital circuit, and that circuit then sets the amount of amplification (up to some limit).On a lot of newer units, the volume knob changes sends pulses that are counted by a digital circuit, and that circuit then sets the amount of amplification (up to some limit). My stereo has this new trick where I turn the knob slowly for just one single click and it changes the volume by some random integer between -2 and +3 the original volume.
A bath is a time when dogs get much attention and get touched and scrubbed all over. A dog can become emotionally overwhelmed from this extreme attention. Also, the situation of getting soaked to the skin is unusual for the dog, perhaps stressful, because their undercoat is an important protection to them. To get this undercoat wet "against their will" so to speak, while being restrained, can make them stress. These things can combine to overexcite the dog. To discharge this overexcitement, the dog may go apeshit - running, shaking water off, frenzied actions. In short, blowing off steam.Most dogs are happy crazy after, not stressful crazy.I'll probably get another NO BLATANT SPECULATION response from the wannabe mod we have lurking here, but here's what I've found looking around for you: Nobody actually 100% knows the scientific reason, but dog experts have been able to put together some good guesses based on what we know about dogs. Many of them have actually been listed here, but I'll put them all together in one place for you:)
I asked my economics teacher, he didn't know. I asked my all-knowing father and he didn't know, either. As a citizen of the European Union, I think this whole issue indirectly affects me as well, so I think I'd feel safer if someone gave me some predictions or visions.Four hours and zero real answers. One might presume that the situation is complicated. If you want a good parallel to look at, the Argentine Crisis, recovery. The difference being, of course, that Argentina wasn't part of an economic union. This is important because commerce and trade is usually equalized by varying exchange rates against each other - if I want to sell more olive oil and buy less cheese, I devalue the drachma against the franc and suddenly the French can afford more olive oil and the Greeks can afford less roquefort. The EU, however, did away with this mechanism over 20 years ago (while the Euro came into circulation 10 years ago, the Treaty of Mastricht in 1992 slowed things down). The problem, basically, is that the "value" of any EU country's economy has been changing over the past 10-20 years but the "price" of that country's economy has been locked down. Think of a crumbling wall. There are other bricks besides Greece that are ready to tumble, but Greece looks like it will go first and without Greece there, other bricks will fall. When they do, there will be a nasty bout where "value" and "price" equalize in a free market to make up for 10-20 years of artificial pricing restrictions. The reason everyone freaks out about Greece is that because banking is so fluid and so international, any default of Greek debt causes money flight to Portugal, Italy and Spain (with Greece, the so-called "PIGS" of the EU - not making this up), which are almost as fragile as Greece. The "contagion" (another word used commonly) then spreads to France and the UK which, while robust enough for the time being, may not be able to take the financial shock of a "run on the bank" as large as the Mediterranean coast. How far the banking shock travels is anyone's guess - you're now talking about a pretty sophisticated model without a lot of known inputs.
When light passes from one medium to another it changes direction. If you look at something going into water, you'll notice it looks bent or broken. This is known as refraction. So, when light goes from the air into your eye the light bends a certain way. This is great, because it lets your eye collect a bunch of light from all over and focus it, through the cornea, on the back of your eye. Your eye has adapted so that the way light bends when leaving air and entering the cornea reflects perfectly on the back of your eye. But, when you enter water this all changes. Now light is going from water into your eye and that refraction index - the amount of bending - is different. So, the light is no longer perfectly focused on the back of your eye. Everything becomes fuzzy. By putting on goggles you're making it so that there is still air in font of your eyes and the light behaves the way your eyes are expecting.Anyone know about seals and other aquatic mammals who hunt for food in water, but live outside it? I assume fish can't see above water (in air) but I would have to assume aquatic mammals can see quite well underwater to hunt prey.
It may seem like a dumb question, but glass seems to be one of the few things that goes from being dull to extremely sharp when it breaksNot only is glass hard and inflexible, it has no coherent large-scale molecular structure. It's just a random jumble of molecules, not arranged in any nice way (like, say, in a crystalline structure). That means when it breaks, there are no natural planes/lines it might break along, and as a result, the edge of a broken piece is not a smooth line, it's a jagged mess of tiny fractures on the order of microns thick. It's still just as hard as it was before it broke, though... and the thinner the edge, the sharper it is.What about safety glass like in car windows? It seems to crumble more than shatter, what causes this?So glass is kind of like moon dust in that its uninhibited shape is really sharp?Crystalline ceramics form sharp edges when broken too. Being amorphous (no coherent large-scale molecular structure) is not very relevant. Describing brittleness would be better.
According to Muslims, the Qur'an is the final revelation of the same story told to the prophets preceding Mohammed, including Noah, Abraham, Moses and Jesus. According the the Qur'an, the message given to those previous prophets had been corrupted and translated so much they were no longer what God intended the message to be, so God gave the same message, start to finish, to Mohammed through the angel Gabriel and said 'this is the last time, guys, don't screw this message up.' If you know your bible you know the Qur'an, it has the same basic story line of Adam, Eve, Flood, Moses, Abraham, Jesus, Armageddon, but with little differences. For example, in the creation story both Adam and Eve are made from earth, instead of Eve being made from Adam's rib, and Adam and Eve eat the fruit together, instead of Eve tempting Adam. The origin story for Jesus is also a little different. Instead of Mary and Joseph going to Bethlehem, Mary was living in cloister, being taken care of by Zacharius, when God created Jesus in her womb. Then pregnant Mary went back to her home town, and gave birth on the way under a date tree. When she got home, her village was really mad because she had a child out of wedlock, but Jesus stood up in his crib and said that he was made by God to spread his word and to cherish his mother. The Qur'an says that Mary is blessed more than any other woman.
I have noticed you can buy reading glasses for £1 in certain places, but nowhere are short-sighted glasses sold for this price or indeed anywhere except opticians. Why is this? Is there a dramatic difference in how they are manufactured?Reading glasses have a really specific purpose, so they don't have to be custom made. You can put your reading material at a whatever distance they will be in focus, to make up for the lack of accuracy in the lens. Short-sighted people have very specific focus problems, possibly different in each eye. They also need to be able to see objects are extremely variable distances. It's impossible to make generic glasses for this purpose; unless both lenses are just right it will be blurry and possibly give headaches.Also, glasses are generally overpriced and the frames tend to be designer labels. I order my eyeglasses (as a shortsighted person) from Zenni Optical for 5$.To be fair, I'm far-sighted, and my eyes are different and require prescription lenses. However, I could go buy a strong pair of reading glasses and more or less approximate my level of correction. How come near-sighted people don't have the same option to have at least "somewhat accurate" store-bought glasses?
Imagine a computer consisting of large amounts of pebble stones, one side black, the other white, which arrangements and pattern represent what (data) the computer calculates with and also how, in which order what it is doing (program), by following a simple set of rules you can make this arrangements of stones calculate everything that's computable according to Turing – relevant XKCD: http://xkcd.com/505/ Stones like these could be called "Bits" Now imagine that instead of being black on one side and white on the other side, those pebble stones have a special color that's flickering and changing between so fast they eye can't tell, but everytime you shine some light on it the stone stops to change its color and shows you either a solid black or white. This is called collapse of the wavefunction (short collapse) in the Kopenhagen interpretation of quantum mechanics (there's also another interpretation called "Many Worlds" but this is even more mind bending, though it makes actually desinging a quantum computer a lot easier, I'm not going to explain it here). Such stones you could call "Quantum Bits" or just Qbits. Now you build a computer from those Qbits. You again follow the simple set of rules where each pattern of stones influences how to set the next pattern of stones. But you may not shine light on it. And because you don't shine light on them you don't know what color each Qbit stone shows. So to make the rules work you have to assume that every Qbit stone arrange may show any possible pattern, which means that with ordinary Bit stones you'd have to lay out every possible new pattern following from the previous one. But those Qbit stones are special, they're able to undergo all those varations at the same time, because of nature to always and constantly change their color until you shine some light on them: So all you have to do is lay them out in a generic pattern, which arrangement you know from the program (calculation) you want to perform and the stones will couple to the previous pattern. By doing several of those arrangements in a row each pattern of Qbits locks to the chain of patterns, slightly shifting the probability for the outcome which color they show when shining light on them.
Friend of mine from work and I have started a computer repair business and are wanting to know what all to do to get things set up from top to bottom. We already have clients and have been doing this for a little while. We have the domain, a website, e-mail, etc. We are just wondering about managing money (bank accounts in our company name), how to legally establish our company name, etc. EDIT: Thank you everyone who has commented. We are in the U.S., Midwest. We do have someone that will do our accounting. We just didn't know where to start with regard to the company - the DBA, LLC, etc information has been extremely helpful. We have objectives and an idea of where we want this to go too. Thank you for your responses. I am glad I posted - equally so that I didn't walk into the bank and try to make an account under the company name without doing other steps first.I'm certain a lot of details will depend on where in the world you are, etc. Here's my take. I recently started a business with a friend of mine - we've worked together at a lot of companies and been friends for ages. Hopefully we'll come out the other end of this still friends ;) I'll describe the order we did things in - I'm sure I'll miss some steps. First up - decide what share of the business everyone gets. talk about it until everyone is satisfied. then get a lawyer to put it on paper. This is hugely important unless you have nothing to lose. It sounds to me like you both have skin in the game already, but this should be one of the first things you agree on then formalise. This will take a while, but you can start the process and have it going on while sorting out the next steps. Trust but verify is super important here - if you can't trust the person you're going in to business with you're screwed, but even if you think you can, get it formalised. That way, if you're right, you're out a few hundred bucks, but if you're wrong you have a process to get untangled. Second - company name. in the UK, you need to register with Companies House, and the best way to do this is to use a lawyer to do it for you. This will set you up with the right to the name and a registered business address for all other legal gubbins. Once that's in place, you can go crazy on domain names, business cards, etc. If you don't have the company name, then you may be wasting time with any existing domains and websites as you may find competitors or other businesses will find your name offensive and kick up a fuss.
Thank you for all the great answers! Also, 90* and humid SUCKS!There are lots of chemical reactions going on inside your body at any given time, and most of them generate heat. In fact, since your body is thick and solid (as these things go), and made mostly of water (which holds heat very well), you generate enough heat raise your body temperature above 98.6 easily. Much like a computer, you need a heat sink to keep yourself from warming up beyond what you're designed to handle. That heat sink is your skin. But in order for a heat sink to work, there has to be a pretty big difference between the temperature it's trying to cool and the temperature it's bleeding that heat into. The body is designed to function most easily at around what we call 'room temperature.' We set it at that because it's easy to maintain without extra work, and it's therefore comfortable. Below that, you start getting cold, and your body kicks into gear to produce more heat. At the extreme it will cause you to shiver, because muscle contractions produce a lot of heat. When it's warmer than that, your body can't shed enough heat to keep your internal temperature right, so it has to go into sweat mode to get rid of more.A follow-up question: why, then, does it generally feel hot when the air around us is (say) 90* , but if we are in 90* water it is merely warm, and doesn't feel pleasantly hot until around 101* (the approx. temperature many hot tubs are set at).
Okay I spent like twenty minutes trying to explain it like I would to a five year old, and I failed, so here it is as simply as possible. First off, you're kind of asking the wrong question. You have to remember that Wall St firms spend billions of dollars lobbying politicians to write laws that benefit them. So, for instance, financial derivatives were largely unregulated- there were very few laws governing them, and they are considered a main cause of the financial crisis. Some people argue that the people on Wall St didn't break any laws, but it's kind of a moot point. They're the ones who wrote the laws, and they wrote them in such a way that they could legally screw their own investors. So whether they committed a "crime" or not doesn't really matter at some level. They still behaved in completely immoral ways that nearly led to the financial collapse of the global financial system, just to line their own pockets. Whether it was illegal or not, it was wrong. That being said, there was a lot of behavior that many people would consider fraud at many levels of the financial system. The collapse was driven mainly by mortgage backed securities. Basically, back in the day, if you wanted a loan to buy a house, you'd go to your bank and they'd give you a loan to buy your house, and then you'd pay them back over twenty or thirty years. They had a lot of interest in making sure you could pay your loan back, because if you didn't they were out of a ton of money.
Edit: Thank you all for the explanations so far, they are very helpful! Can someone now please explain why it seems like the majority of Americans are happy she's released because the majority think she's innocent while the majority of Italians are upset and chanting 'shame' because the majority believes she's guilty? Is it just how our court system differs, is it the media, what causes this?To make it short: Knox was living with Meredith. Both are from upper middle class families from US and UK respectively. Knox is naive and generally only book smart and not street smart. She has her 1st bf while in Italy on a study abroad program. One night she comes back home and finds blood in the house and toilet which isn't flushed. Seems weird enough. Runs back to her bf's house and they call the other Italian roommates. A bunch of low level cops (who are used to investigate petty crimes) show up and are generally incompetent as fuck. Crime scene is already contaminated. After breaking into the room, they find Meredith stabbed. The killer was extremely inexperienced (didn't even bother to cover up, left feet marks, tried to wipe blood with towels and just decided to leave it halfway through). The other roommates fly away to UK or lawyer up pretty quickly. Knox being fucking stupid decides to stay around until Meredith's parents come. Her family sort of agrees because at this point she's just so innocent that no one would think of her as a killer. Bring in a crazy prosecutor who fanatic over satanic rituals, an easy foreign target will easily be blamed. She ends up signing a confession because again, she's just so fucking stupid and doesn't really think of herself as a suspect. She also barely understands Italian so the whole case isn't exactly on her side. The prosecutor makes a weird story about how she killed her flatmate because of a weird satanic ritual and also accuses her bf of covering up. At this point the Italian media doesn't help either because, a foreigner killing for sexy satanic ritual would make any editor orgasm.
If you look at cloth up close, you can tell its made up of lots of tiny threads woven together. If you look at those threads really close with a microscope, you can see they look like tiny tangled springs or curly phone cords. When you wear your clothes, these little curls stretch out a bit. How much depends on what kind of fabric it is. Some are much more stretchy, and some are less. These springs can go back to being curly, but that also depends on what kind of fabric it is. This also takes some energy to do, because they aren't quite like springs. When you wash your clothes in hot water or put it in the dryer, the heat is actually a form of energy. This energy, in the right amount, is enough to make those stretched out phone cord fibers curl back up again. Sometimes we use too much energy though and they curl up way too much. As I mentioned earlier, different types of fabric stretch different amounts, but they also can take different amounts of energy to get back to their original size. That's why some of the things you wash shrink less than others. Once you know which types of fabric can take which amounts of heat/energy, you can make sure you don't use too much.
Thank you for the very informative read, especially to FreakyBloodHound... that's a pretty scary awesome concept that we don't know why but we kinda of know what works. Thanks ELI5 I think I learned something.There are a couple of reasons: Nutrient bioavailability matters. If your body can't absorb the nutrition in the pill, it doesn't do you any good. In this sense, a lot of multivitamins just give you very expensive pee. You need macronutrients as well as micronutrients. So carbs, fats, and proteins (especially the latter two) are important for a source of energy and for your body to build and repair things. You'd have to swallow a ton of pills to get your 2000 calories a day, defeating the purpose. We still don't really know how nutrition works. You require a fairly delicate synthesis of vitamins, minerals, antioxidants, and coenzymes. There is a high probability that a multivitamin is missing something essential that hasn't even been discovered yet, or that isn't recognized as essential.Could someone ELI5 "nutrient bioavailability"?
I recently tried to get some advance sale tickets off Ticketmaster and they were gone within less than five minutes. This is, apparently, fairly typical and then the tickets show up on StubHub for a significant premium above face value. I find this puzzling. It seems that Ticketmaster could easily make more money by setting a higher price point in the first place.NPR recently did a piece on this. Part of it is if the artist charges $200 then the artist is a money grubber. If a scalper does it, it is expected. Here is the piece. http://www.npr.org/blogs/money/2013/06/25/195641030/episode-468-kid-rock-vs-the-scalpersI caught that story on the air and appreciated it. I think aside from Kid Rock speaking, the other example was, think about it if you're Taylor Swift. ("I had the weirdest daydream...") You want to have reasonable tickets on sale so you seem reasonable. You're still making a good chunk of money, but the minute ANYBODY thinks you're setting the price too high, now you're losing money instead. If at the end of the day, it still costs like $1000 to actually sit in the front row, you still win, even if you're not seeing that money, because your performance must really be in demand!! You can book more gigs. Better to let scalpers get in on the action, because they're taking all the heat for being greedy, and they are driving up demand too. Having your concert date sell out in five minutes, is very good for business.
especially if it's part of your religion? FYI I'm not talking about compounds with prophets assigning wives to old men, I mean families that are just trying to follow their beliefs, no abuse. Ok I have a new question: If polygamy is illegal, meaning you cannot marry more than one person, then why do families living in the suburbs face arrests and criminal charges for practicing it even though legally the man is only married to 1 woman. Say a man is sleeping with his secretary and she get's pregnant and he has children from his wife and now his secretary, why does he not get arrested? also, thank you for all of your answers!Polygamy is illegal in Western countries, historically, because the Bible (as interpreted by every major Christian denomination) condemns it. Plus, there are many (valid, in my opinion) secular arguments that polygamy is an immoral lifestyle (at least in many cases, and as it is typically practiced), as it leads to unbalanced relationships and inherently tends toward strife and resentment. Many people believe that they have the moral right to outlaw immoral lifestyles. Furthermore, in the U.S., polygamy was practiced by the original Mormons, who were widely hated because they were heretics of Christianity, denying many of the key doctrines of the Catholics and Protestants and claiming new revelations and Biblical books. Laws against polygamy were passed (or more strictly enforced) in order to try to suppress them.Not just the bible - it was illegal in the Graeco-Roman world as well: as a mark of barbarism.But what does religion, specifically Christianity have to do with the American legal system? And how do we dictate (legally) what's moral to this group and immoral to another? Shouldn't religion be playing zero role in law?
[deleted]I don't hate them i just don't trust them around me. Here in Croatia you would have a group of them come up to you and force you to buy a brick. Yes, a brick. So, you say no, and defend yourself with force when the inevitable attack comes. Next thing you know, there are 20 of them with knives and bats and whatnot. And you are never again safe in that city. They live in such awful places, but the thing is, they have money. A lot of money. I can take a couple of pictures if there is enough interest and if i can manage it without being seen, because i cannot describe it with words. They steal. A lot. Old metal, metal sculptures, even freaking sewer caps. The women often beg for money with crying kids in their hands. They say they need the money for milk or bread or whatever. Try to go to the store and buy them the groceries they claim they need yourself, you will get yelled at and insulted. I could go on but i don't feel like iti'd like you to take pictures but i can't expect you to do it for just me
does the pigmentation get copied by new cells? does it just stain the flesh itself & seep through? here is the source for the seven year regeneration information. /u/thisisntnamman explained quite well & has the most upvotes, here's the answer: "Your skin has layers. The two big ones are the epidermis and the dermis. The epidermis is the highly cellular one with lots of cell division and shedding. The dermis is blow that layer. It is not nearly as cellular. There is a lot of non-cell connective tissue, fibers and elastics that hold skin together and support all the other little organs in skin. (Latin of the day: epi = above, or above dermis) A tattoo doesn't put ink in your epidermis. So skin division doesn't effect it. The point of the tattoo needed is to drive the ink below your epidermis into the dermis. Not into any cells but into that fibrous tissue between cells (there's a lot in the dermis). Once there it's stuck. There isn't much cell division or circulation or fluid movement to wash the ink out. So it stays there for a long time. Oh it will degrade, some ink does shed, the dermis breaks down as we get older. So you do loose the vibrant colors and fine shapes. Henna is an example of ink into the epidermis, it looks pretty but is shed off after only a week."Your skin has layers. The two big ones are the epidermis and the dermis. The epidermis is the highly cellular one with lots of cell division and shedding. The dermis is blow that layer. It is not nearly as cellular. There is a lot of non-cell connective tissue, fibers and elastics that hold skin together and support all the other little organs in skin. (Latin of the day: epi = above, or above dermis) A tattoo doesn't put ink in your epidermis. So skin division doesn't affect it. The point of the tattoo needle is to drive the ink below your epidermis into the dermis. Not into any cells but into that fibrous tissue between cells (there's a lot in the dermis). Once there it's stuck. There isn't much cell division or circulation or fluid movement to wash the ink out. So it stays there for a long time. Oh it will degrade, some ink does shed, the dermis breaks down as we get older. So you do lose the vibrant colors and fine shapes. Henna is an example of ink into the epidermis, it looks pretty but is shed off after only a week. Edit: Ze grammarsFollow up: What is the fibrous tissue made of? I thought all our bits were made of cells?
(please don't let the wall of text scare you away, it turned out a bit long but I've made good effort to try and make it fun to read, including asking for friends' input (I make procrastination an art form). Also, please notice that I exceeded the 10k characters limit, so I'll be splitting this text in two). Hmm OK. To understand how this happens you need to have some intuition about the geometry of general relativity. The problem is that it is a bit not intuitive, as we're not mentally equipped to imagine higher dimensions. Instead of waving around some very general descriptions, I'll try and actually explain the math behind it to some degree, I promise not to be too formal, but I will go in deep enough to emphasize all the nuances I think are crucial for a good grasp of the physical aspect of it all. Whenever I feel some clarification is borderline, I'll add it in parens. One very basic structure in geometry is what called a manifold. Formally, an n-dimensional manifold is any geometrical shape in n-dimensions which is locally homeomorphic to an euclidean space.
Almost every morning, I wake up feeling like I have a full-on cold. This includes a runny nose, headache, sneezing, etc. By midday, though, they're all gone. What's happening to me?Most likely you are allergic to either a pet or dust mites. It is easiest to rule out, so start with this. Pet: Your pet sleeps on your bed. It's dander/hair is on your pillow/sheets. In your sleep you breathe in this stuff all night long. Your body reacts with cold-like symptoms. Dust mites: You sleep in your bed, dust mites and dead skin fall off, you breathe them in all night long. Same reaction Fix: Ban pets from the bedroom, wash your sheets and dry them properly. Double up your pillow cases, washing the outside one every time you do laundry and the inside one every other time. Vacuum, dust, and clean your pillows (beat them outside, tumble dry on low, or whatever setting they indicate). If you still get these symptoms after two weeks, you should see a doctor about A) chronic sinus infection (laying down exasperates it, standing/sitting up drains and relieves pressure) or B) sleep apnea. Solutions provided in order of likelyhood and cost effectiveness. Source: Allergic to cats, dust mites, trees, and grass. Been there, done that.
The short answer is that big time porn studios aren't making as much money as before, but not just because of free content. It also has a lot to do with what else is out there, like webcam sites, phone sex and custom clip production. Porn as a market is actually still making a lot of money, but the large distributors are making less. The reason is the internet along with affordable prosumer level camera equipment have allowed the market share to slip into the hands of small studios and individual producers. Anyone can now make reasonable quality porn and distribute it on the various clips sites. This means that niche content and the reputation market mean a lot more. Large studios haven't been able to adapt to this because their model depended on high overhead and mass distribution to create a barrier for small studios, but both of those barriers have collapsed. Now on the many many clips sites you can buy individual scenes for a few dollars and only buy more if you liked what you saw. This doesn't play well to the large studios that produce content for mass appeal and lowest common denominator but it plays very well to small studios and amateur producers who can find their small market share. The notable exception to this is the small guys that are basically just producing the same stuff as the large studios, or worse yet, buying the b roll's from large studios wholesale to resell on their niche website. The large studios seem incapable of producing successful niche content.
Since this is Explain like I'm five: What javascript is As you said, HTML is for content and CSS is for styling. Javascript, however, is a programming language. When used in the browser, it's mostly used to make things fancy and add functionality that would otherwise require a full reload from the page. (Javascript is not used exclusively on the browser, it's a programming language that can do everything any other language like python or C++ can, and in fact, although it has many flaws, it's a pretty cool language for web programming). How javascript is used So where's javascript used on reddit? If reddit existed in 1995, before javascript came along, clicking the save button to post this comment would send a POST HTTP request to reddit and the page would reload. Even if I could send the POST request without reloading somehow, my version of the webpage would not change (the comment would not appear), since there would be no way to update the HTML of the page dynamically while the user has the page open. There would be no other way to get content from the server. However, now that javascript exists, clicking to post will not submit a request directly. Instead, it will trigger some javascript code that is executed within the browser. This piece of javascript can do pretty much everything with the data. In this case, it will check that the comment textbox is not empty, if it's not it will take it's content and send it to the server reloading the page. The server (and I will explain why/how later) will receive the request, process it in some way, save it in some kind of database and return a reply that will hopefully be along the lines of "Ok, I saved the comment, kkthxbb". The javascript client will receive this reply and update your version of the webpage by closing the textbox and making the comment visible.
As far as I'm aware, economic viability is a major issue - but how is water desalinated, and why is it so expensive? Is desalination of sea water a one-day-feasible answer to global water shortages?Your question is phrased in such a way that an ELI5 really isn't possible. However, I'll try to be simple: There's two ways of separating salt & water. The first is by boiling or evaporation. You can do this experiment yourself if you leave a bowl of salty water out in the sun for a few days. You'll end up with salt crystals in the bowl and no water because the water has evaporated. Add a method to capture that water and you've successfully made a small scale desalination plant. The big commercial plants don't actually boil the water via heat, rather they lower the pressure so that the water boils at a much lower temperature. The other way is via a technique called reverse osmosis. You can do this yourself by getting some muddy water and pouring it through some cheescloth into a bowl. What comes out of the cheesecloth will be fairly clean and you'll get a lot of muddy cloth. The big commercial plants use much higher pressure to force the salty water through a semi-permeable membrane. So reverse osmosis uses less energy than vacuum distillation but both of them still use way more energy than pumping fresh water out of a river. This is a big issue because, along with water shortages, we're also having difficulty finding ways to generate power without wrecking our environment.
It's coloring time in class again, YAY!! Just like every coloring time your teacher gives everyone a random color from the crayon box. Today you got green and you draw an aligator. The teacher loved your alligator and decided to spend the rest of the day talking about reptiles. This is a turning point in your life because you realize how much you love reptiles and that love stays with you your entire life. Fast forward 30 years and you are a world renowned biologist who specializes in reptilian behavior. The ladies adore you and you make millions of dollars every year. Now back up. You only got green because little Sally got green yesterday and put it back in the crayon box next to the yellow that you got yesterday. And she only put it in the box next to yellow because she was the last to put her crayon away since she had to blow her nose and missed the teachers first go round to collect crayons. If she hadn't blown her nose yesterday she would have put her green crayon in first and that would have changed the order of crayons in the box. You would have instead gotten pink and drawn a picture of a heart. Your teacher loves your drawing and decides to talk about hearts. This also is a turning point in your life. You decide to study medicine and end up a renowned heart surgeon. Unfortunately you have always had a love of reptiles for some reason and while performing surgery on a patient you find yourself thinking about alligators and accidentally put their heart in backwards. Your patient sues you for malpractice. You lose your license and end up homeless and on the street.
As explained to me by an ENT: As other people have said, that noise is called tinnitus. It is a symptom of hearing loss caused by damage to the nerve that goes to the brain that carries hearing. Have you ever heard of "phantom pain" that people experience when they lose a limb? Their brain tells them "your foot hurts" even though the foot isn't there anymore. This is because the nerves that go to the foot that carried the "foot pain" signal are still in the leg. They have been injured in the process of losing the foot, so they keep sending the message, "something is wrong down here!!!" to the brain. Those signals go to a part of the brain that understands pain, so your brain says, "there's pain down there!" The same idea applies to your ears. The nerve that carries the "noise signal" to the brain gets hurt over time as a normal part of aging, especially with loud noise exposure (why your ears ring after a loud concert). When that nerve sends the, "something is wrong here!" signal to your brain, it doesn't go to a "pain" part of the brain, it goes to the "noise" part of the brain, since that's what that nerve does. Just like the nerve in the leg makes the brain think there is pain in a foot that isn't there, the ear nerve makes the brain think its hearing noise even when it's not really there.
Because aren't they like 15 trillion in debt? When will that come back and bite them in the ass, so to speakThe United States probably won't ever completely be debt free. We've had debt since 1791 (edit: except for one year under Andrew Jackson). We were once on track to become debt free! But that was under Clinton and changed once George W. Bush took office. This and this list only 3-4 countries which don't have debt. A government having a debt is much more complex than a household or a person having a debt. It's not as simple as "debt = bad" or "when a person is in debt they're trying to pay it off, so when a country is in debt they're trying to pay it off". It's also not as simple as "debt is good in all circumstances". When will that come back and bite them in the ass When and if. And the answer is: no one knows either answer with certainty. If you want an example of what you're describing, look up the crisis in Greece. Here is the wikipedia page, using a search engine (and possibly the search button here) will be beneficial. What basically happened is: Greece had a lot of debt. Investors thought Greece wouldn't be able to repay them if they loaned Greece money.
The state has a budget for the prisons that is X. The state wants to save money so it takes bids on taking over the operation of said prisons. Whomever has the lowest bid usually gets the contract. The state saves whatever X - winning bid equals. The company then looks at the books and shaves off whatever they can. Exercise facilities, libraries, food, ect tend to get cut. Then they charge a huge markup on commissary items which is sort of like an in prison store that inmates can purchase items from, like clothes, food, ect. Add to that the profits made from prison labor where the inmates are paid pennies a day to make various things and it starts to become a VERY profitable business. You have a stable cheap workforce whom can only spend their money at your overpriced store. TLDR: Slavery.During my first year graduate school internship that I just ended, I worked for my state's public defender. I visited prisons across the state and, in general, private prisons tended to be much worse than the public ones (if that's even possible). Your comment about the commissary is especially true, as they jack up the prices of simple things like a bag of chips to like $6.00. Doesn't sound like much, but when you earn $.10 an hour it can add up.
Let's say I mail a letter from America to China and I don't know Chinese so I just write the address in English. How does it get from the post box on my corner to the destination in China? Who does USPS give the letter to? How many different "middle men" are there before it gets to the Chinese postman?I recommend reading this article, it's about the Universal Postal Union. This describes, generally, the process and agreements for international mail. The UPU established that: There should be a uniform flat rate to mail a letter anywhere in the world Postal authorities should give equal treatment to foreign and domestic mail Each country should retain all money it has collected for international postage. So I don't have a specific answer for you, but I do have information that can help you. The gist of it is that there are deliveries between the relevant agencies and that they work together under the obligations of the UPU in order maintain international consistency. Interesting anecdote(s) regarding direct delivery between countries, though... The Republic of China joined the UPU on March 1, 1914. After the People's Republic of China was founded, the Republic of China continued to represent China in the UPU, until the organization decided on April 13, 1972 to recognize the People's Republic of China as the only legitimate Chinese representative. Because of this, International Reply Coupons are not available for Taiwan. Mail addressed to Taiwan is still delivered there, albeit through a third country.[which?]
I've always been lead to believe (and maybe I'm wrong) that the brain itself doesn't have nerves/pain sensors. In-fact I vaguely remember reading about brain surgery being performed while a person was awake/conscious. If this is true, how is it when I have a headache I can "feel" it in a certain part of my head? And more so, is this a correct/accurate location? I always get headaches in my forehead, but I'm curious, is it actually an issue/pain coming from that part of my brain, or is it basically projected there?Reposted as a top level by request... The pain from a headache comes from the meninges that surround the brain like plastic wrap. Your meninges are innervated somatically just like other parts of your body that feel pain. When there's pressure on your meninges, you get a headache. When you're dehydrated and hungover, you get a headache because the lack of fluid surrounding your brain makes the meninges pull since your brain has shrunk slightly. This causes the pain. Your heart is surrounded by pericardium which is innervated similarly to the meninges. You feel referred pain in a heart attack in your shoulder, not your chest. That's because the same nerves (cervical nerves 3,4 and 5) innervate your shoulder (specifically 3 and 4). Most of the pain signals coming from those levels are from your shoulder, because you get hit in the shoulder way more often than you have a heart attack. Your brain assumes that this is the case during a heart attack and refers the pain to your shoulder along with your chest.
Choice of a dominant hand is important for high dexterity tasks. The left and right hemispheres are separate and control different hands. Dexterous hand movements are stored in parts of the motor cortex, each hand has its own memory of dexterous hand movements (because of the separation of hemispheres). These can be used and adapted for different tasks. If you are required to perform a new task that has no analogue stored in your memory then the movement will be controlled predominantly by the prefrontal cortex. The prefrontal cortex has some, but not many, connections to the motor cortex. By choosing one hand over the other then all of your life's dexterous tasks will be stored in one hemisphere for one hand to use. If you split it in half then you are essentially training each hand to half the quality. You will find that ambidextrous people are in general less dexterous. People with a dominant hand can teach the other to be dexterous at certain tasks, but without a lifetime of training it will not take to general tasks as quickly. For example, I play guitar which requires a specifically dexterous use of my left hand (I am right handed), but that and typing are about all I can do efficiently with my left hand. Its an evolutionary thing, one dexterous hand and one not very good hand is better than two half dexterous hands. By half dexterous I don't mean exactly half, just not as good.
[deleted]Depends on the school of thought. Both think the Holocaust as it's currently presented is designed to garner sympathy for the Jewish people. What evidence do they use to justify what they are saying? Since it's impossible to prove something did not happen (there is no evidence of something that doesn't exist), holocaust deniers deny the evidence the holocaust happened usually dismissing things as exaggerations or alterations of the truth. They generally shift the burden of proof to Jews, but since the level of proof deniers 'want' will never be achieved, they can dismiss the holocaust as a Zionist conspiracy or whatever. If overwhelming evidence is presented, they accept the immediate part the evidence proves, but not the whole of the holocaust.Aren't there things like pictures and LOTS of personal accounts..?Most people who are saying that the holocaust wasn't real are doing it as a way of protesting the Jewish people in some way. The evidence in unnecessary and the majority is made up.
Traditionally: the army had soldiers stationed on land who fought on land the navy had soldiers who were stationed on ships and fought other ships the marines had soldiers stationed on ships who fought on land This lead to the development of the marines a small, fast, elite force. These days, the distinction between the military branches is blurred...aircraft has provided alternate means of rapid deployment. There is no reason why a marine like force couldn't be part of the army, that's just not the way it evolved.Actually, originally the Continental Marines' primary mission was to serve in ship-to-ship combat, protecting the captain and officers from enemies. They also conducted land operations, but mainly in support of the Navy (for example capturing British supplies and ships to be used by the Continental Navy) rather than more modern types of amphibious assaults with the goal of capturing and holding an area. The latter did develop quickly, though, with the Battle of Derne (the "shores of Tripoli" in the Marine's Hymn). I don't know of other countries, but I would assume a similar history is true there too, given that the American military was originally structured more like the British and possibly other militaries.
All that yelling is the process by which an order from someone who wants to buy is matched to an order from someone who wants to sell. The vast, vast majority of orders today are processed entirely electronically from beginning to end, through the major stock, derivatives, and commodity exchanges and through non-exchange entities called electronic communications networks or crossing networks. The old system that was used prior to the introduction of electronic order matching - still in use for a relatively small volume of trades on certain securities, especially commodity futures - is called open outcry. Here's how it works. Everyone who wants to trade a security gathers in a certain area, often a large depression, or "pit", on the exchange floor. Typically you'll have a pit for each security - for instance, you'd have a pit for corn futures, another for soybean futures, and so forth. The people who congregate in a pit are called floor traders. Usually floor traders need to buy a seat on the exchange (or work for a firm that owns a seat) in order to be permitted to conduct trades in the pit. In some cases, floor traders are placing orders for their own account. More frequently, they are acting as brokers and placing orders on behalf of their customers. (Sometimes their customers are also brokers who don't own exchange seats - so the end customer can be several steps removed).
I understand how repeating decimals are never ending (doing something repetitive over and over and getting the same result), but if Pi doesn't repeat, how do we know it won't eventually end after, say, the one-hundred billionth digit (or some other arbitrarily large number of digits) and we haven't gotten that far yet? Is it just that we haven't found it and therefore assume it doesn't end?Okay, basically dampew and the others were right. It can be proved that pi =/= a/b, where a and b are rational numbers integers. Thus, it is irrational. It goes on forever without repeating or terminating. A simpler example would be a similar proof as to why the square root of 2 is irrational. The proof for pi follows the same principle. First, we assume that √2 is rational. Then we can express it as a/b, where a and b are rational integers. Also, a and b are reduced to their lowest terms; so if it was, say, 38/8, we would write it as 19/4. Now, what we have here is √2 = a/b. If we square both sides, 2 = a2 / b2 Now, we can carry the b2 over to the other side, so we get: 2b2 = a2 Now this means that a2 has to be an even number, because it's 2 times b2 . Any number that's 2 times another has to be even. Also, the square root of an even perfect square is even. (Refer to krypton86's comment here) So, a is an even number too. Now, let a be equal to 2 times x. It doesn't matter what the value of x is, you'll soon see why. If we substitute that value - a = 2x - in the original equation we had after squaring both side, we notice that
My family has never particularly been religious. My brother is a part of a reformed church. My mother was raised Catholic, my father was raised Lutheran. Both of them hated how much of a role religion had in their upbringing and didn't really want to push it on me. Maybe as a result, I'm a bit behind. Anyways, I'd still like to know, because Christianity is pretty prevalent here in the Midwest USA and I'd like to be more informed.This is a really big question. You might find the Simple Wikipedia article of the history of Christianity gives you a deeper, but still accessible, overview than is really possible here. The history of Christianity is pretty complex, and "denominations" have played a large roll throughout its development. I'll try to give a general overview, but bear in mind it's very simplified. Early on in the history of Christianity, there were a lot of disagreements about what following the teachings of Jesus meant. Most Christians agreed on certain key points, and this became the Catholic Church. Catholic means "universal". Some people disagreed and the Catholic Church said they were "heretics", acting against the teachings of Jesus. In 1054, there was a big fight in the Catholic Church, mostly about what Jesus' precise relationship to God & the Holy Spirit is, what kind of bread to use in Communion, how much authority the Pope has, and the importance of Constantinople. The result of the fight was the Eastern Orthodox Church split from the Roman Catholic Church, and it does not recognize the authority of the Pope among other differences. By the 1500s, a lot of people thought the Roman Catholic Church was doing bad things, like selling forgiveness, and wasn't following the teachings of Jesus. A man named Martin Luther is credited with starting the Reformation in 1517, trying to clean up the Roman Catholic Church. The Church didn't like that much & they kicked him out (excommunicated him). Lutheranism gets its name from Martin Luther. Other people like John Calvin (Calvinism) were also very influential in the Reformation. Protestant denominations starting forming rapidly during this time. Protestant denominations tend focus on faith rather than acts, and the Bible as the final authority on earth instead of the Pope.
I've always wondered, thanks for the answers!A layer of skin called the stratum lucidum is found in frequently used areas of the body, like your palms and the soles of your feet. The added protection of this extra layer means you don't need extra melanin in your palms or feet, so the skin is lighter. EDIT: To clarify. Melanin is what makes skin dark, and it protects the body from many things. Perhaps its most important job is to protect the body from harmful UV rays emitted by the sun. That is why people with darker skin typically have ancestral origins in places where the sun's rays have more power (i.e. nearer to the equator). Even though melanin is good for protecting against the sun, it does have its downsides, too. For example, melanin obstructs the body's absorption of vitamin D from sunlight. This can have a negative impact on health. So, if certain factors dictate that the body doesn't particularly need melanin (e.g. people in northern climates, the palms of your hands and the soles of your feet), then evolution will weed it out. EDIT 2: A wordI've read that the melanin also obstructs the body's ability to make folic acid which is essential in fetal development, and so they believe that the lighter skinned mothers in climates where the sunlight was weaker were able to produce healthier babies and thus the population ended up getting pretty pastey.
It seems throughout the 20th century and in the modern day, Germany, despite massive repercussions from WWI and WWII, manages to bounce back and become a staggeringly powerful force in both military and economy. What are the reasons for this in the WWI era, the WWII era, and today?WWI: Powerful and large empires Prussia and Austria Hungary. Lots of natural resources, fertile land and lots of people. Also, a comparably large industry compared to its neighbour countries. WWII: A whole country going "all-in", fuelled by nationalism. After WWI, Germany was more or less raped by the winning nations. Hitler made the Germans feel strong, so they followed him. Post-WWII: Infrastructure got destroyed, so new stuff had to be built => good roads, good powerplants, good telephone, ... General attitudes that help a lot: -Good work is HIGHLY valued, especially in trade, engineering and science. Education even more so. (Every decent sized city has a university and education is and has been for a long time free). -Keep your head down and do as you're told. Pretty much most of the time, if a superior tells a German to do something, he'll do it. On time and in good quality. Why? In business/engineering/... because your superior usually worked his way up (CEOs of some of the largest Corporations in Germany are or had been Engineers, chemists etc., in small business your master was an apprentice at some point as well...) and knows his shit. In politics, because very rarely the German politician tried to screw you over, so in most cases it was for a good reason.
Ok, so first you're going to need to know a bit about compression. Say you had a text file that's full of nothing but the letter A over and over, for like a thousand A's. You could represent that in a lot less space by writing "A x 1000". In a GIF file, it's stored sorta the same way. Instead of going "green pixel, green pixel, green pixel, blue pixel", it stores it as "green pixel x 3, blue pixel", saving big patches of the same color as one big block of that color, instead of recording each pixel individually. This works really well for simple, cartoony images, with large sections of the same color, but it doesn't work very well for photographic images with lots of shades to them. GIFs are just plain bad for photographic images, which is what high quality videos are made from. On top of the fact that GIF is bad at photos, proper video codecs are optimized not only for photographic images, but they can compress images through time. In a GIF file, each frame is a separate picture, compressed individually, and no matter what's on the next frame, it compresses the same, whereas video codecs can compare similar frames, figure out which parts are moving faster than others, and not have to store parts of the background for each frame.
[deleted]Wow. The top four posts are variations of "they're stupid." They're not. they're scared. Vaccine "skeptics" aren't "anti-vaccine" any more than global warming "skeptics" are "anti-environment." There are many positions from "shithouse-rat-crazy" to "I did just fine with the chicken pox, so will Johnny." Their positions rarely come from stupidity however, and they typically have the following arguments. Note that these are not my arguments, I'm not going to defend them, and I'm not going to pretend that they're iron-clad so don't try and pick a fight with me over them. The vaccination schedule is triple or quadruple what it was thirty years ago without any appreciable decrease in child mortality. 80% of vaccines are made by 5 for-profit companies. The pharmaceutical industry wags the dog on FDA regulation, such as lobbying for new cholesterol numbers to sell more Lipitor. Action by the FDA often comes after the damage has been done, such as 130,000 heart attacks, 40% of them fatal, from an arthritis medication. Others have mentioned Andrew Wakefield; here's that discussion in handy comic format. The other influential piece of literature was from Robert F Kennedy in Salon; it Many people like to point the finger at Jenny McCarthy but c'mon. It's not like she had a lot of credibility or the attention of parents deciding that vaccines gave her son autism (which he doesn't have, incidentally). More likely that she gave a mouthpiece to a nascent movement.
Why don't they follow the natural order of "Off(0), 1, 2, 3"?I just realized ELI5 has the ability to make me NEED to know the answer of a question that I have never thought about.Mechanical Engineer here. I've never worked specifically with manufacturing electrical motors, but here is why I imagine this is the case. In a dial type motor speed setting, the first movement from off to on completes the circuit. Each click beyond 'on' increases the resistance in the circuit, causing the fan speed to be lower. If the resistance was added through impedance, as in the case of a potentiometer, each 'click' engages another section of windings on the coil. During your 'off to on' approach to completing the circuit, I believe it would be much easier to engage the end of a induction loop (that is, from the leaving side of the inductor). To approach from the other end (which would mean starting at low setting), you'd have to cleverly design/machine a system for engaging the inductor that would protect the motor at low limit. Here is a poorly drawn diagram that may explain it a little more clearly (and may better comply with ELI5 rules). Note: This ONLY applies to very low amp draw motors (typically fractional horse power). Bigger motors use vastly different methods of controlling the inflow of current and do not use dials for setting speed.
I see people flying all over Europe for 10 and 20 pound/euro flights, but for me to fly from Little Rock, AR to Kansas City costs $150 each way. Why is it so much cheaper to fly around Europe?In addition to what has been said, those discount airlines do not offer all seats so cheap. If you book a few days before takeoff or when their quota of cheap seats has been filled, you pay pretty close to regular price - but due to the lack of service, it will still be cheaper than most other airlines. Furthermore, Ryanair cuts down on ground crew (you print your ticket at home etc. and they encourage flying without check-in luggage) and flies to the cheaper airports (eg. Stanstedt instead of Heathrow for London) to cut down on airport costs. Their planes also rarely sit around for long - often there is only a 30 minute window between arrival and departure to the next destination.They're legendary for cutting costs. Airports used to charge the airlines to collect the rubbish from the aircraft after a flight. Ryanair refused to pay, airlines refused to collect, so Ryanair started leaving it on the runway. Strangely enough it started getting collected for free after that.you print your ticket at home etc.
I've noticed that Thailand has a large number of male-to-female transgenders, commonly called kathoeys or ladyboys. Why is this? Is it a cultural thing?Its because there are fewer cultural niches for gender expression. In our culture we have a defined group for lesbians, gays, bisexuals and transgender people, and many many subgroups for other sexual expressions. In Thailand, if you are born male and do not conform to sexual norms, you are kathoey, whether you are transgender, homosexual, bisexual or whatever. In western culture we have a clearly defined "drag queen" culture, but in Thailand a drag queen and a trans woman are not distinct groups. If you are a cis man (cis being opposite of trans) in Thailand and have even the slightest amount of effeminate behavior, the culture expects you to go full-out female with your gender presentation. There is no room for effeminate gay males in Thailand. But there is another side to this coin. In the USA, for example, trans women are encouraged to "pass" - meaning they are not detectably trans, and therefore it is easy for trans women in America to become invisible. Trans women face some of the harshest discrimination in the US, and there is more violence towards trans women than any other sexual minority. Hundreds of women in America are killed each year because of their trans status. There is a LOT of pressure to "pass", based on personal safety alone. In Thailand, they have the kathoey niche, where it is much more acceptable to be a trans woman, and therefore they are much more visible. Famous women are often trans in Thailand, and are celebrated as such. I'd be hard pressed to name even one venerated and famous trans woman in America.
like when it has cold/cold, cold/warm, warm/warm, warm/hot etc. what temperatures should I be using for different types of clothes/fabrics?Hot water generally cleans better but ages the clothes faster. Unless it's stained, I wash cold/cold and hang all my good shirts, shorts, and pants to dry. Warm should wash fastest, since it should fill the washer faster. YMMV. If you follow the care labels on your clothing they will last a lot longer than if you warm wash everything and machine dry everything on normal or heavy settings.How would warm water fill the washer faster?I wash my clothes similarly but instead of hanging them straight out of the cold wash, I put them in the dryer on the lowest setting first. This massively reduces the amount of time needed to hang dry. Also, don't ever hang dry shirts on a coat hanger. It'll leave nipples.Does temperature matter when it comes to making sure you kill any germs/bacteria? For instance, I was always told to wash my towels in warm (not hot), to ensure this.
I was sitting in class next to a friend of mine when he pulled out his phone. I glanced at his phone's screen and was able to see the display pretty clearly, but when I glanced at his laptop's screen I saw the display's "shadow" (the sort-of grey scale version of the image). By "extreme angle" I mean viewing the screen at about a 20-50 degree angle (with 90 degrees being viewing the screen right in front of your face and 0 being parallel to the screen).Your phone probably uses an IPS panel (in-plane switching) or an AMOLED panel for the display. These screens offer superior color reproduction and viewing angles, but tend to be more expensive than the standard TFT panels used in laptop screens. However, since phone screens are so small, the added cost isn't very significant.Yep. IPS is my personal preference, but both IPS LCD and AMOLED have vastly superior off-axis viewing than the standard TN LCD panels you find in all but high end lapops. You'll probably notice the same things with cheap LCD HDTVs versus even a low end plasma HDTV (or a high end IPS LCD HDTV, or an LED HDTV).I had to "play the lottery" to get my IPS tv. LG made my tv with both TN and IPS panels with the same model name. So you'd have to know the right serial number to get an IPS version. It was killing me, but in the end it was worth it. IPS simply blows TN out of the water.
never heard of it except from redditors bitching about it. Went there and it just seems like some site where you can look at pictures. Why is it daemonized?9gag is largely criticized by Redditors for being something of an inferior version of Reddit, and often gets flak for (1) the seemingly more immature userbase, and (2) stealing content from Reddit and reposting it with a 9gag watermark. The criticisms are sometimes true, sometimes not. A LOT of Reddit content is stolen directly from 4chan, and more Reddit content than people would like to admit gets stolen back from 9gag. The "maturity," side of things is questionable and more subjective.sounds like the old albinoblacksheep / ytmnd vs ebaumsworld thingAlso if you read the comments on every single goddamn post, it will make you cringe. All they do is talk in memes (incorrectly) and are usually people who think they are experts on memes. They also think they invented rage comics. Also, if you have any facebook friends who go on 9gag, you will see a goddamn horrible rage comic on your wall that 8,000 people will repost. Honestly though, Reddit can be just as bad. Just go on r/f7u12. They have ruined rage comics. They lack humor and have just become "GUYS LOOK. SOMEONE LE HAD A LE DIFFERENT OPINION FROM LE ME. True story!"
