If you went in either direction, you wouldn't be the smartest, but the smart people in both societies would talk to you and mine you for information. In the past they'd extract what they could of your scientific and military knowledge. In the future they'd extract your historical knowledge. Philosophically they'd regard you as damaged goods going in either direction but perhaps you'd be able to hold a conversation on the subject if you're well read. And that's not a knock on you. It'd be the same for nearly anyone except a philologist going backwards or Tesla-level genius (with the ability to quickly synthesize ideas; this is important) going forwards. C.S. Lewis has a great scene like this in Out of the Silent Planet when the Sorn interview Ransom about his knowledge of Earth. They are simply amazed at how little he knows about his own planet, but based on statements he makes, they are able to piece together more information than he was able to share. One interesting thing about this scene was that he was able to capture the folly of our believing ourselves to be smarter than the past, and believing the future to supersede us in every way. Good thought. It is really interesting to imagine how such conversations might go and to become better at imagining it by reading history and old books and then extrapolating to the future.
I was a party host at Chuck E. Cheese's one Summer in high school. It was a loud, stressful, messy, shitty job. By the end of the shift you'd be exhausted and coated in this patina of dirty water, leftover birthday cake, sweat, garbage fluids, and soda syrup . It created a distinct smell that I will always remember--a combination of rot and sweetness. Anyway, we would take turns dressing up as Chuck E. It was called "waking Chuck E. up". The suit was really cumbersome, especially the large head. It was also very, very hot and stinky from the accumulated sweat of its wearers. When I was done wearing it I would go stand in the walk-in cooler for a good 5 minutes. The rule was that we were to stay in the designated, reserved party area while dressed as Chuck E. This was somewhat segregated from the general arcade section of the restaurant. However, one day my boss told me to get in the suit and go mingle out on the floor with the general crowd. As soon as I stepped out of the kitchen door as Chuck E. all of the playing and screaming stopped. The room fell silent, save for the occasional bleep-bloop of a video game. I was surrounded by a sea of startled, wide-eyed faces. Then they rushed me. All Hell broke loose.
Once upon a time in Fukuoka there was a boy who fell off his father's horse and broke his arm. It had to be amputated. Everyone said, how awful. The other boys, being boys, picked on the defenseless young man. At his wits end after years of abuse the young man sought out the sensei of the local dojo, a shotokan school. He was turned away. "I cannot teach a one armed boy!" So the young man rode to a nearby village with his all he owned in a satchel and presented himself to the kendo school, where he summarily turned away. The same story repeated itself several times when, at his wits end, he found himself crying on the steps of the sumo school in Kyoto, then the capital, with no money, no food and nowhere to turn. His clothes ragged from months of travel and his body bruised and dirty from sleeping rough. It was there that a famous Jujitsuoka saw him and took pity on him and invited him to his dojo. This jujitsu master was samurai, and had seen some friends also lose arms and continue to fight. And so the young man began to train. But the old samurai would only teach him one move. Not how to fall. Not how to stand. Not even the rules of official competition - just one move. And then he entered him into the local martial arts championship. The prize being a not insubstantial sum of money... and a sword.
Initially it'd be pretty interesting at first, if a draft were implemented in many parts of Europe and America you'd have all sorts of discussion about it here. I can imagine parts of reddit turning into an American propaganda machine while other smaller boards try to remain rational as the world devolves into chaos around them. In the days leading to war things would get pretty hot and heavy, depending on how the inciting action plays out (if we had another Pearl Harbor-esque incident, or really anything clearly done by one world power against another it's not difficult to imagine the normal jokes becomming more spiteful). You'd then see a shift in the initial outrage from directed at the offending party to merely the leadership of the party as people try to remind one another that every citizen is not a soldier nor is each soldier a general. Then depending on how the war plays out (nuclear v. non-nuclear) you would either hear less and less on reddit from those affected areas as telecommunications are brought down and the news would shift again towards traditional photograph and paper until it could reach parts of the world still connected to the internet, or, more chillingly, one day you would simply stop seeing posts from people in certain cities. Of course, realistically, each nation's cyber-defense branch would disable everyone's internet and we'd all have to go outside. A fate far worse than death.
As a student with one semester left, and student loans, I am rapidly approaching the moment when I stop consuming vastly more than I produce, money-wise. I'll be going from spending about $30,000+ (mostly on school) a year, only $2,000 of which I earn; to being expected to begin paying back roughly $30,000 in debt while supporting myself by the spring of '14. That, to me is a larger shift than the change from high-school to college, and I don't have a solid plan either. I could probably get an alright job that will pay the bills and loan payments, but to capitalise on my degree, I am driven to probably move to a foreign country and start a professional life, the nature of which is unbeknownst to my current self. (international studies degrees do better overseas) I could be learning a new language, I'll probably leave all my friends behind, I'll be learning a new occupation, and trying not to mess it up, while living on half my wages because the repayment of the loans doesn't account for salaries in under-developed countries. The main thing I've done for society up-until this point is go to school to invest in my own skills. I've been doing that for about 18 years. Now, it is over.
http://imgur.com/kx7eG I came across this word and was reminded of a friend who had passed just the other day. We met in an inpatient hospital. I was there because of a suicide attempt and she was there because of her heroin addiction. I kept thinking of how my mom and dad, friends, teachers, acquaintances, and the like would've reacted had I died the day of my attempt. Then I started making up different scenarios of how people would take the news and continue on with their lives. Then I thought about my friend and how she probably had these thoughts as well. She would think of her own mother and father, and her friends, and her acquaintances, and everyone else in between. She enjoyed her own set of childhood pleasures and played tag with the person she had a crush on and put bandages on her scraped knees when she fell on the pavement and felt incredible pain and cried for hours at a time for own reasons. And so did her father. And the people surrounding his life. Everyone that he's ever interacted with had their own lives just as complex and unique as his and hers and my mother's and mine and yours. Hell, let's go deeper. I even read a showerthought that said that the Queen of England took a shit today. Think about that. Princess Di took shits, Abraham Lincoln took shits. Fuckin' Selena Gomez and her mama took shits. I take shits. You take shits. The people who just fucking rang my door bell looking for my housemate at this goddamned, unreasonable hour took shits. (Fuck them it's 3AM.) The amalgamated mass of my perception of the collective human consciousness began to unravel and divide and separate into individual specks filled with people's favorite meals and songs that they never got tired of. We often tend to forget how human we really are. So think about this next time you feel intimidated towards your superior, the girl you've been meaning to ask out, the random stranger you almost awkwardly brushed hands with as you walk beside them in the hallway. Tonight, I'm going to think about my friend and what she would've thought of this post if I had the chance to show it to her. It's quite beautiful and also insanely mind-numbing knowing that there's this sort of almost paradoxical like connection felt in the uniqueness of every individual's life. There is comfort amongst this ocean of beautiful bodies. Rest in peace, Michelle.
I feel like 1700 grown men can beat a T-rex in a fight. Especially 1700 extra grown men. Strong mother fuckers. So a fully grown male T-Rex is like 12,000lbs. Well, that's just 55 Tom Brady's. Not so tough now is it? So this is how it would go down: Peyton Manning is striding up and down his war line on top of his massive steed. On the field he's lined up every single D-line in the NFL side by side. A line of 300 men stretching 1000 feet. Another line, similar to the first, made up of every O-line in the NFL stands behind them. This is the van. Behind these two lines are tight balls of Wide Receivers and Wide Outs. Manning, the genius that he is, has decided to use these men as a distraction. Their amazing speed and agility will confuse the Beast. And behind them is the cavalry. Everybody else. The Safety, Tackles, RB's, and special teams. Their job is crucial. Their is job is key. Their job is to bring the Beast down. To KILL the BEAST. Riding down the line on his war charger, Peyton holds out a football and taps everybody lightly on the helmet. When he has rode all the way down the line he turns and faces his men.
I'm assuming that despite what everyone keeps saying about FTL travel, humanity will be forced to travel at sub FTL speeds. Slowly humanity will leave the solar system, if not out of curiosity, then out of necessity as the sun will eventually make the solar system uninhabitable. At that point, every Ship or group of ships that part ways will begin the creation of new species. In order to create a new species, one needs a genetically isolated populace, and time. Given the fact that it would be essentially impossible to try to make every single ship stop the genetic isolation it would impose, as humanity drifts through the galaxy, forming new home worlds, eventually it won't be humanity as we know it doing it, but thousands of new species that all have ancestry to a floating rock thousands or millions of light years away. It's amazing to think that perhaps in the future there will be species that relate to me and you that would be completely alien in language, looks, thought, and genetics.
I found a way to win the lottery every time. Of the average dollar spent on the lottery, about half goes into winnings. So the average return for a lottery investment is 50 cents to the dollar. With that baseline, by using my method, I can double the return rate to 100 cents on the dollar. That method, of course, is not to play at all. Out of every dollar you spend using this method, you keep all of it. A criticism of my method is that you don't tend to win as much as the biggest winners. But that depends on your definition of winning. Given the sharply increased chances for a violent death after winning the lottery, the big money "winners" aren't winning at all. But what about the schools? Lottery money supports schools, doesn't it? Yes, it does. According to one source I found, 30 cents of the average lottery dollar goes to schools. Let me suggest going to a school and asking what donations they'll accept. Perhaps they could use lined paper, for example. If you buy one dollar worth of lined paper for a school, 100 percent of that dollar went to schools. So depending on your definition of success, I've outlined two methods for winning the lottery consistently.
She would be happy because she wrote the diary intending for people to read it. Frank's already budding literary ambitions were galvanized on 29 March 1944 when she heard a broadcast made by the exiled Dutch Minister for Education, Art and Science, Gerrit Bolkestein, calling for the preservation of "ordinary documents—a diary, letters ... simple everyday material" to create an archive for posterity as testimony to the suffering of civilians during the Nazi occupation, and on 20 May notes that she has started re-drafting her diary with future readers in mind. She expanded entries and standardized them by addressing all of them to Kitty, clarified situations, prepared a list of pseudonyms, and cut scenes she thought would be of little interest or too intimate for general consumption. ... Anne Frank decided that when the war was over she would publish a book based on her diary. Because she did not survive the war, it fell instead to her father to see her diary published. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Diary_of_a_Young_Girl
It's you, I thought I'd never find you. James was it? Anyway thank you. You really changed my life. I now have a wife and 2 children and live in the most amazing little town here in Wisconsin. I tried to use your money to buy crack but they would not allow me as it was not enough. Soon after that escapade I started saving up my money and got my self a suit, and a haircut...I then applied at several places and got a job as a mover, soon after I quit and got myself an office job. I met the most wonderful woman there and we rented an apartment together as I had still been homeless she took me in. She told me how much I reminded her of her late husband,Ronald, and her son George immediately took a liking to me, she gave me Ronald's clothes and we started living as a family then Christmas came and I asked her to marry me. She knew I didn't have the money for a ring or a big wedding but she said yes anyway. A couple of weeks later and we find out she's pregnant, she calls her mother who asked us to move in with them in Wisconsin and so we did. Fast forward a bit and Matthew was born premature, May 13th but still he was our miracle. So now I'm here in Wisconsin with my new family trying to make it as a worker for Liberty Tax Mutual, it's hard but we get by, who would have thought in two short years this could've happened and all because of you. Thank You~Jus T. T. Rollinya
Though we are creating data at a truly prodigious rate, we are also losing data at unparalleled speeds. How many of us still have 5 1/2in floppy disks, Laserdisks, or Beta cassette players? How long will it be before hard drive architecture is completely revolutionized, requiring all earlier data to be re-uploaded? We went about 800 years using the Written English Language format and still lost the vast majority of anything that ever got written. With us changing to improved formats every decade, how much more and how much faster are we losing things? And that doesn't even cover what happens if we lose technology after a disaster. With the disaster itself, we could lose whole terabytes from hardware destruction, and then after the disaster will we ever be able to reconstruct modern codecs and programming languages? The internet is really big and really cool, and if everything goes perfectly you are absolutely correct, but it seems more likely that not everything will go perfectly, and each imperfection will cause us to lose a larger quantity of data than we could have imagined a hundred years ago. My last computer's hard drive dwarfed the capacity of the Library of Alexandria, but the Library stood for centuries, while that hard drive crapped out in three years.
I believe Wolverine actually fed off himself at one point, but it doesn't make sense that he did that. He has to expend energy to regenerate the damage and to digest the meal. He's better off not eating and letting his regeneration keep his body working, even though he would feel extremely hungry (so maybe his lack of self-control caused it.) And because he doesn't have unlimited energy, he probably wouldn't want another person eating him unless he knew that rescue was on its way soon, but not soon enough for a normal human to survive starvation. Since your scenario requires cannibalism, I think you're likely starving unless you're the love of his life -- and if you get crazy hungry and attack him, you're definitely dead. I think Wolverine knows enough people who can find him using extraordinary means that this is an unlikely scenario, but if it were to happen, I think Wolverine's best option would be to use his ancient knowledge to figure out a way to puff you up like a balloon and ride you like a raft to safety. His regeneration means that he can kick for a very long time while hanging onto your bloated corpse. Any sharks that come by become Wolverine food. Of course, he will respectfully wait for you to die before he uses you in this way.
